# A biomimetic approach to defining the molecular landscape of fungal symbioses using the seven-liaid fungus family
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Aneuploidy is defined as the absence of a specific polygonal component of a genome beyond the defined boundaries of the polygene by which it has been defined. While it is true that aneuploidy is usually found to follow the same general rule, we have to draw the parallel case. The case is presented here by the analysis of chromosomal regions segregating at different breakpoints, a subset of which has to be excluded as a breakpoint. The distribution of chromosomal regions segregating at different breakpoints is not fully defined, but is consistent with the polygonal characterizations of the genome. By contrast, the genome of the fungus Aspergillus fumigatus segregates at different breakpoints; it is shown here that this is an even more complicated case of aneuploidy.

Invasive mycoses are the most common life-threatening fungal infections in humans. The cases described in this study are among the most complex in terms of chromosomal, genetic, and functional categories. The distinction between the two categories is important because, as we have shown, both the breakpoints and the breakpoints reflect the same chromosomal structure. The breakpoints of the breakpoints are usually chromosomal regions segregating at different breakpoints. We considered a breakpoint of chromosome 7 of A. fumigatus in a genome-wide scan and it showed us a chromosome that belonged to the N-terminal end of a disomy assembly. The analysis of the disomy data and the exclusion of the disomy regions help to explain the differences in the distribution of chromosomes of the A. fumigatus breakpoints.


## Introduction
Over the last decade, the incidence of opportunistic infections (OIs) due to Candida spp. and Cryptococcus spp. has increased dramatically.1 The incidence of life-threatening infections due to candidemia, which accounts for more than 70% of all infections.2,3 Thus, the management of such infections is difficult and requires a strict adherence to established guidelines. In Europe, the clinical course of Candida infections is poorly defined. Clinical case reports are scarce and patients are often ill-treated with antimicrobials, which are ineffective and often lead to the development of life-threatening candidemia.4,5 This is especially true in the intensive care unit (ICU) setting where antifungal treatment is limited and the mortality is high.6

The European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer/Mycoses Study Group (EORTC/MS) has established the Reference Collaboration Group (TCG) of the European Instituting Cancer in Leukemia (EICL) (European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer/Mycoses Study Group, EORTC/MS) to facilitate harmonized clinical practice.7,8 The TCG-EORTC/MS guidelines harmonize clinical practice within the EICL and to facilitate the coordination of the clinical treatment of cancer patients in the TCG-EORTC/MS guidelines, clinical microbiology was studied.8

In a meta-analysis of published case reports of candidemia in the EICL, some data were compared between the clinical and microbiological settings.


## Methods
The general molecular structure of the fungi and their molecular combinations were determined using the R package Protein Structure Analysis (RBase. The R package is an algorithm that is suitable for the assessment of biological, chemical and evolutionary factors of a complex structure. A complex structure can be described by the number of atoms, their energy, their spacing, and their distribution. For this purpose, it is possible to generate an ensemble of the atoms of interest. The program Structure Plus (Plinak, version 4.3.1) was used to identify the molecular and chemical properties of the structure of the fungal symbioses using the four-dimensional (4D) structure of the fungal symbioses. This structure is called the “mega-complex” and is composed of the clade (C) and the groups (G) of the five subgroups (Table 1). The structure is named “the matrix” and is organized according to the six molecular classes of the fungi: the order of the class I amomer, the order of the class II amomer, the class II amomer, the class III amomer, the class IV amomer, the class V amomer, the class VI amomer and the class VII amomer. The five groups of classes I, II, III, IV and V are represented by the two structural groups, the class I isomer and the class II isomer. The matrix represents the three molecular classes of the fungi. The molecular structure of the fungi was solved using the program Molecular Formula and the program Phylogenetic Analysis of the Fungal Bodies (Molecular Dynamics Laboratory, USA) with the following modifications. The molecular structure of the fungi was solved using the program Molecular Formula and the program Phylogenetic Analysis of the Fungal Bodies (Molecular Dynamics Laboratory, USA) with the following modifications. The molecular structure of the fungi was solved using the program Molecular Formula and the program Phylogenetic Analysis of the Fungal Bodies (Molecular Dynamics Laboratory, USA) with the following modifications. The molecular structure of the fungi was solved using the program Molecular Formula and the program Phylogenetic Analysis of the Fungal Bodies (Molecular Dynamics Laboratory, USA) with the following modifications. The molecular structure of the fungi was solved using the program Molecular Formula and the program Phylogenetic Analysis of the Fungal Bodies (Molecular Dynamics Laboratory, USA) with the following modifications.


## Results
Eighteen fungal taxa were identified to be homologues of . discoideum, including members of the ascomycete Phialocephala stipitata, Microsphaera cadaversa, Saccharomyces cerevisiae, Sclerotinia sclerotiorum, and Saccharomyces cerevisiae. The complete set of D. discoideum sequences was assembled by an assembly pipeline (Table S1). The most highly expressed proteins in D. discoideum were GTPase (73.8%), Dicer (37.2%), G-protein coupled receptor (29.3%), and the MDR (15.5%) class (Table S1).

Identification of D. discoideum D-like proteins
To determine the D. discoideum D-like proteins, fungal D-like proteins were expressed in the D. discoideum wild-type strain and the D. discoideum D-like gene was expressed in the D. discoideum ddr-1 strain. D. discoideum ddr-1 expressed a protein of 8.3 KDa with a amino acid sequence of ~10 residues long (Figure S1), and it contained several additional proteins of similar molecular weight. Among them, a D-like protein of 20 KDa and a D-like protein of 18 KDa were identified in the D. discoideum wild-type strain. The D. discoideum ddr-1 protein contained an N-terminal signal peptide with a predicted molecular weight of ~30 kDa. In the D. discoideum ddr-1 protein, a signal peptide of ~30 kDa was detected (Figure S1), indicating that it was a phosphatidylinositol-like protein (Figure 2).

Identification of D. discoideum D-like proteins
To identify the D. discoideum D-like proteins, the D. discoideum wild-type strain was expressed in the D. discoideum ddr-1 strain and the D. discoideum ddr-1 gene was expressed in the D. discoideum ddr-1 strain. D. discoideum ddr-1 expressed a protein of 8.7 KDa with a amino acid sequence of ~10 residues long (Figure S1). D.


## Discussion
In addition, this study provides molecular evidence for a possible orthologous gene family in Candida (with orthologues in nine species) that is present in the fungus family tree from the phylogenetic analysis of the family tree from the seven-liaid fungu. The C. albicans gene family contains four domains, including a putative ß-tubular family member, an F/R domain-associated protein, and two predicted protein-coding genes, one of which is predicted to be expressed.

The C. albicans gene family is distributed in the four species, with the exception of C. glabrata, which has two C. glabrata genes. The F-box domain of the C. glabrata gene family was shown to be important in the biosynthesis of a-tubulin in S. cerevisiae (33). The C. albicans gene family is unique among fungi, and its orthologs are present in more than 90 species (10). The C. albicans gene family is composed of six gene clusters, each containing a conserved gene cluster, that are grouped into three main clusters: one of which is found in all species (F-box domain domain, two of which are predicted to be transcription factors). The C. albicans gene cluster is composed of two gene clusters, one of which is found in all species (F-box domain, two of which are predicted to be transcription factors). The C. albicans gene cluster contains the three PAM domain-associated proteins, which are both present in C. albicans (34). The C. glabrata gene family consists of three genes, including the two genes involved in the biosynthesis of a-tubulin in S. cerevisiae (35). The C. glabrata gene cluster contains the three predicted PAM domain-associated proteins, which are present in C. glabrata. The C. albicans gene family contains three genes, including the two genes involved in the biosynthesis of a-tubulin in S. cerevisiae (35). The C. glabrata gene cluster contains the two PAM domain-associated proteins, which are present in C. albarras and C. glabrata. The C. albicans gene cluster contains the two genes involved in the biosynthesis of a-tubulin in S. cerevisiae (35). The C.
