# A Compilation of Strains for Unconventional Yeasts Production
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The genus Halocosporomycetes is presently restricted to the phylum Basidiomycota and contains endophytic fungi that are associated with a wide host range of hosts, including the wheat-associated fungus Zygomycota. In the past two decades, the taxonomic distribution of halocosporomycetes has been revealed by high-throughput sequencing of the nuclear ribosomal RNA internal transcribed spacer (ITS) region, and by the large-subunit rDNA gene (LSU) region. Whole genome comparison of halocosporomycetes revealed that they are distinct morphologically, with two species in the genus Halocosporomycetes, and one species in the genus Halocosporomycetes in the Zygomycota, and two species in the genus Halocosporomycetes in the Basidiomycota. This is the first report of halocosporomycete-associated genera within the family Glomeraceae. To gain insight into the possible putative origin of halocosporomycete families, high-throughput sequencing of nuclear ribosomal RNA internal transcribed spacer (ITS) regions of nuclear ribosomal DNA extracted from several specimens of halocosporomycetes revealed the following hypotheses: (i) Halocosporomycetes are paraphyletizing and melanized, and are restricted to a single host; (ii) Melanized fungi are adapted to high temperatures and nutrient rich environments, and are the first to evolve pycnidial mycorrhizal (mycorrhizal actin) traits, and phenologize to nuclear mycorrhizae. To test these hypotheses, two halocosporomycete-complexes were isolated from two zoospores and two sephonomura and sequenced. The genomes of the two halocosporomycete-complexes were compared to the genomes of the two zoospores and sephonomura genomes.


## Introduction
C. neoformans is an opportunistic fungal pathogen that is responsible for an estimated 300,000 infections per year, predominantly in immunocompromised patients (Hovmoller et al., 2010; Rangel et al., 2014; Rangel and Martín-Munoz, 2015). The most common agents used for antifungal treatment are azoles, polyenes, echinocandins, and pyrimidine analogs (Nosanchuk and Oyed, 2007). However, the emergence of drug resistance has posed a serious threat to antifungal therapies (Rangel et al., 2014). The emergence of azole-resistant C. neoformans has recently become a challenge to the treatment of fungal infections (Rangel et al., 2014; Padmanabhan et al., 2019). Therefore, the development of new antifungal agents with new mechanisms of action is urgently required. Azoles are widely used as first-line agents against fungal infections, but resistance has also been reported to other azole antifungals, such as nystatin (He et al., 2019), clotrimazole (Zhao et al., 2019), and clotrimazole (Yang et al., 2019). Their broad spectrum of activity makes them effective against a wide range of pathogenic fungi and bacteria (Kelkar, 2016). Among the azole antifungal agents, fluconazole (FLC), a first-line drug against infections with Candida albicans, is considered to be the most promising because of its high oral bioavailability (Kelkar, 2016). The problem of resistance to FLC and the development of resistance to this agent are two major problems that have hindered the development of FLC and its development as a first-line drug against invasive fungal infections.


## Methods
The above strains were obtained from the collection of the Duke University Center for Biotechnology (DUBC, China. These strains were used for the investigation of the effect of microorganisms on the production of yeasts. The following strains were used for the preparation of the above preparations. These strains were isolated from the patient population of Huashan Hospital, where microorganisms from in vitro culture were cultivated. The microorganisms were suspended in sterile distilled water to obtain a total of 50% (w/v) sterile distilled water. The suspension was filtered using a 0.22 µm polypropylene filter to remove unbroken cell debris. The filtered filtrate was added to the culture medium and the mixture was poured into a shaker and incubated at 37°C for seven days. The yeast growth was quantified by measuring the optical density at 600 nm using a spectrophotometer (Spectronic MX, BioTek Instruments, Inc., Winooski, VT, USA).

Plant Germline Culture
The resistance of the isolates to various antifungal drugs was determined using a broth microdilution method according to the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) M27-A3 and M27-A3 (CLSI, 2008). The assays were performed in 96-well plate (Costar, Corning, NY, USA). Each well contained 200 µl of sterile water and was inoculated with 10^5 spores/ml. The cells were incubated at 37°C for 24 h and then examined. The number of CFUs per ml was counted. The experiments were performed in triplicate.

Determination of Antifungal Activity of Yeasts
The growth of the tested yeasts on potato dextrose agar (PDA) was determined by measuring the optical density at 600 nm using a spectrophotometer (Spectronic MX, BioTek Instruments, Inc., Winooski, VT, USA). The inoculum was prepared in 10% PDA at the desired optical density (OD_600) at a density of 0.5 McFarland standard (5 µl ml^-1). The yeast suspensions (20 µl) were added to a round-bottom 96-well plate containing 200 µl of 1% PDA.


## Results
In the absence of fungi, a significant amount of C_20 (20%) was produced (Figure 2. A similar phenomenon was observed in the presence of Saccharomyces cerevisiae (Figure 2). The yeast strains in the presence of C_10 were able to produce yeast-like and/or fungi-like metabolites in the medium, as has been previously described (18). The yeast strains grown in the presence of a C_10 concentration of 2.5 µM were able to produce 1.7-6.2-5.7-6.3-7.6-7.3-8.0-10.1-15.5-10.3-15.8-20.5-25.0-30.0-33.3-34.3-34.2-37.5-37.9-37.8-38.0-39.9-40.9-40.5-41.9-42.1-43.1-44.2-45.6-47.0-49.0-52.0-53.0-54.0-56.0-58.0-60.0-64.0-67.0-68.0-69.0-71.0-75.0-76.0-79.0-80.0-84.0-85.0-87.0-89.0-90.0-94.0-95.0-98.0-99.0-102.0-104.0-106.0-111.0-124.0-126.0-130.0-131.0-132.0-134.0-137.0-138.0-139.0-140.0-141.0-147.0-149.0-151.0-157.0-158.0-160.0-161.0-163.0-164.0-167.0-168.0-169.0-170.0-181.0-182.0-183.0-185.0-190.


## Discussion
The ITC production of . marneffei and T. vulgaris was very low and the production of ITC in T. vulgaris was nearly saturated, with only a few T. marneffei strains producing ITC in other species. It is noteworthy that this analysis indicated that the same strains of T. vulgaris were used to produce ITC in T. vulgaris. T. vulgaris is a species known to produce ITC in a variety of strains and has been shown to produce ITC in a variety of strains (9). It is possible that these strains have produced ITC in T. vulgaris by utilizing this yeast strain for ITC production.

As T. vulgaris is a species previously known to produce ITC in yeast (8), it is likely that T. vulgaris produces ITC in T. vulgaris. T. vulgaris is a species also known to produce ITC in yeast (16). To our knowledge, the present analysis of uncultured yeast strains for ITC production by T. vulgaris and T. vulgaris has not yet been performed. However, the present analysis indicated that these two species produced ITC in a range of yeasts. The latter species is a species known to produce ITC in T. vulgaris (10).

Another potentially interesting yeast species was the genus Candida. A high number of isolates from C. albicans and C. glabrata, which have been previously reported as potential candidate yeast yeasts for ITC production, were reported in this analysis. These isolates are Candida spp. strains from the C. albicans complex (15), C. glabrata (16), C. parapsilosis (18), C. tropicalis (19), C. krusei (20), C. krusei-Hanseniaspora (21) and C. parapsilosis (22). These species are of the genus Candida, and they produce ITC mainly through the formation of complex with the sialic acid. The yeast strains are highly virulent in mice and humans (22, 23), and they are also widely distributed in marine environments (23).

C. albicans is a species known to produce ITC in humans (23). A recent study reported that this species produces ITC in a wide range of yeasts (24).
