# A Concise description of the phylogenetic unit of phylogeography in the fungal tree of genomics
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Inositol is a crucial nutrient for all living organisms. The human gastrointestinal tract contains abundant urea and osmotin, which are major components of the total and most entire digestations of soluble proteins. Inositol toxicity and inappropriate protein synthesis are major problems in human diseases and are often found in inflammatory diseases and in cancer cells.

By screening a small molecule library, we identified a putative protein lacking the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) a4/a2 enzyme, and we demonstrated that the protein cannot be used as a template for protein synthesis. The mutant mutant was constructed, and its growth was monitored for a period of 24 months. Protein modeling showed that the a4/a2 enzyme is essential for full complement of the enzyme and was shown to be essential for at least 95% of its substrate complement when the glucose concentration was used. Furthermore, we showed that the recombinant MHC a4/a2 protein had optimal binding capacity for approximately 70-97% of the amino acids in the wild type protein, suggesting that the recombinant MHC a4/a2 protein has an excellent affinity for the amino acids in the wild type protein. Our protein modeling and structural data suggested that the a4/a2 protein is a glycosyltransferase, not a protein.

We showed that MHC a4/a2 cannot be used as a template for protein synthesis because it cannot be recombinant. The amino acid substitutions made by the recombinant protein modeling were detrimental for the enzyme design.


## Introduction
Infection is a risk factor for the development of invasive fungal infections, and severe systemic mycoses can lead to invasive conditions, such as invasive pulmonary aspergillosis, which is a primary cause of mortality in immunocompromised patients (1). Despite increasing awareness of the importance of fungal infections, the mortality associated with invasive mycoses remains high despite the availability of antifungal drugs (2). The rise in the number of patients at risk for invasive mycoses is also a major concern in transplant medicine, which relies on the use of costly drug therapies. Moreover, the use of antifungal agents can lead to severe adverse reactions, which are common in patients with severe fungal infections (3). However, despite the availability of effective therapies, mortality associated with invasive mycoses remains high, and treatment options are limited.

The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that 1 in 10,000 individuals develop invasive fungal disease annually, with approximately 100,000 deaths (4).


## Methods
The phylogenetic unit of phylogeography in the phylogenetic tree of genomics was further used to determine the diversity of isolate.

2.5. Determination of Phylogenetic Diversity
The divergence time of the isolates was determined from the sequencing of the internal transcribed spacer (ITS) region of the internal transcribed spacer (ITS) of the fungal ribosomal DNA. The ITS was amplified using the primer pair ITS5/ITS4 [26] and the ITS1/ITS4 [27]. The PCR conditions were as follows: initial denaturation at 95 °C for 5 min, followed by 40 cycles of denaturation at 94 °C for 30 s, annealing at 56 °C for 45 s and extension at 72 °C for 90 s. The PCR products were purified using a Zymo DNA Clean & Concentrator^® (Zymo Research, USA). The products were then purified by using a QIAquick PCR purification kit (Qiagen, USA) according to the manufacturer’s instructions. The purified PCR product was sent to the sequencing service of the Centre for Biotechnological Sciences (RCSB, Spain) for sequencing with the V3-V4 region of the 28S rDNA. The sequence data were obtained from the sequencing service of the Centre for Biotechnological Sciences (CBB, Spain). The sequences were deposited in GenBank (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/genbank/) and the accession numbers of the sequences are given in Table 1.

2.6. Determination of the Nucleotide Diversity
The nucleotide diversity of the isolates was determined by a single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) analysis. The genotypes were considered as N if the nucleotide sequences were as close to the species as possible, i.e., greater than or equal to 1 (within the range of 1-1.5). Nucleotide diversity was estimated using the SNP primer pair, ITS4 and ITS5, which are used in the current study. The genotype was considered as N if the nucleotide sequence was as close to the species as possible, i.e., greater than or equal to 1 (within the range of 1-1.5). Nucleotide diversity was calculated using the PALCAST software [28] and the SNPs were then determined using the online version of the program.

2.


## Results
We used the dataset from the Joint Genome Institute (http://genom.jgi.doe.gov/). The distribution of the number of species in the fungal tree of genomics (Fig 4) is very similar to that of the plant tree. This is also evident from the tree topologies (Fig 3) which include the closely related species, Monilinia sp. JN8 (Fisher's exact test, p < 0.0001), which is clearly distinct from other monilinia species (Fisher's exact test, p = 0.05). Monilinia albifolii JN9 (Fisher's exact test, p < 0.0001), represents a new species with little or no statistical support (Fig 3). The tree topologies of the monilinia species are supported by the bootstrap tree (Fig 4), which supports the current position of Monilinia as an independent species. The other monilinia species are also monilinia, and therefore, there is no need to re-group them to a new species.

The phylogenetic relationships between the monilinia species are also resolved in the present study. These monilinia species are separated by an extensive range of taxa, which we will consider in detail below.

Two well-supported clades are formed by Monilinia hortaea and Monilinia cinerea in the tree topology (Fig 5). The first clade (Fig 5) consists of three species, Monilinia hortaea JN7 (Fisher's exact test, p < 0.0001), Monilinia cinerea JN1 (Fisher's exact test, p = 0.0012), and Monilinia cinerea JN2 (Fisher's exact test, p < 0.0001). The second clade (Fig 5) consists of two species, Monilinia hortaea JN1 (Fisher's exact test, p < 0.0001), and Monilinia cinerea JN2 (Fisher's exact test, p = 0.099). The third clade (Fig 5) consists of two species, Monilinia hortaea JN7 (Fisher's exact test, p < 0.0001) and Monilinia cinerea JN2 (Fisher's exact test, p < 0.0001).


## Discussion
In our study, we performed phylogenetic analysis of the phylogenetic unit of phylogeography of the plant fungal community in a cluster of 21 taxa (Figure 1. The phylogenetic tree of the fungal phylogeography is shown in Figure 1. The phylogeography of plants was examined by tree topology (Figure 1). The phylogeography of fungi in cluster 1 was investigated by a phylogenetic analysis of the phylogeography of the bacterial community (Figure 2). The phylogeography of the fungal community in cluster 1 was examined by a phylogenetic analysis of the phylogeography of the bacterial community in cluster 2 (Figure 2). The phylogeography of fungi in cluster 1 was investigated by a phylogenetic analysis of the phylogeography of the bacterial community in cluster 2 (Figure 2). The phylogeography of fungi in cluster 1 was investigated by a phylogenetic analysis of the phylogeography of the fungal community in cluster 2 (Figure 2). The phylogeography of fungi in cluster 1 was investigated by phylogenetic analysis of the phylogeography of the bacterial community in cluster 2 (Figure 2). The phylogeography of fungi in cluster 1 was investigated by a phylogenetic analysis of the phylogeography of the fungal community in cluster 2 (Figure 2). The phylogeography of fungi in cluster 1 was investigated by phylogenetic analysis of the phylogeography of the bacterial community in cluster 2 (Figure 2). The phylogeography of fungi in cluster 1 was investigated by phylogenetic analysis of the phylogeography of the fungal community in cluster 2 (Figure 2). The phylogeography of fungi in cluster 1 was investigated by phylogenetic analysis of the phylogeography of the fungal community in cluster 2 (Figure 2). The phylogeography of fungi in cluster 1 was investigated by phylogenetic analysis of the phylogeography of the fungal community in cluster 2 (Figure 2). The phylogeography of fungi in cluster 1 was investigated by phylogenetic analysis of the phylogeography of the fungal community in cluster 2 (Figure 2).
