# A Mixed Fungal Microbiome Shapes the Human Gastrointestinal Microbiome
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The polysaccharide capsule of Cryptococcus neoformans is a well-known virulence factor in immunocompromised patients. In this study, we investigated whether the capsule of C. neoformans could affect its pathogenicity. The growth phenotype of C. neoformans cells treated with exogenous cAMP was monitored by immunohistochemistry and growth assays. C. neoformans was resistant to multiple antibiotics used for prolonged periods. The cell morphology of C. neoformans treated with dithiothreol (DTG) caused by the treatment with the wild-type capsule was identical to the phenotype of untreated control cells. In contrast, the cell morphology of dithiothreol treated C. neoformans was different from that of untreated cells. The in vitro growth assays revealed a capsule-independent virulence factor, i.e., TDF.27, in addition, we found that the cell morphology of dithiothreol treated C. neoformans was identical to that of untreated control cells. These results indicate that the treatment of C. neoformans with tDF.27 causes a capsule-independent virulence factor. In addition, we found that the cell morphology of dithiothreol treated C. neoformans was different from that of untreated controls, and we compared the virulence of the cells treated with tDF.27 with a double mutant construct to that treated with cAMP. Our results suggest that the enhanced virulence of the double mutant construct may be due to the enhanced cellular damage caused by tDF.27 treatment. In summary, our study demonstrated that the capsule of C. neoformans is a well-known virulence factor, and that the cell morphology of the capsule of C. neoformans is similar to that of cells treated with tDF.27.


## Introduction
.


## Methods
The HMGIC includes the following fungi: Ascomycota, Penicillium, Entamoeba, Microsporum, Microsporum, Microsporum-ella, Pichia, Shigella, Rhizopus, and Saccharomyce. The four main species from which the fungus is derived, namely Candida albicans, Cryptococcus neoformans, and Saccharomyces cerevisiae, were selected based on the results of previous studies [17, 18]. The HMGIC comprises a diverse collection of fungal species. The species names of the species used in the HMGIC are listed in Table 1.

2.3. Preparation of Fungal Microbiome
A. fumigatus strains were obtained from the American Type Culture Collection (ATCC), which were identified by the ATCC/IACUCs of the Centraalbureau voor Schimmelcultures (CBS-KNAW) and the Center for Molecular Biodiversity Research (CMRB) (Table 1). The strains were cultivated in brain heart infusion (BHI) (BD Biosciences) media for 24 h at 37°C and 200 rpm and stored at 4°C in the dark until use.

2.4. Purification of Fungal Microbiome
Morphology and phylogenetic analysis of the fungal microbiome was performed using a colony morphology and mycelial morphology as described in previous studies [18]. Briefly, an inoculum of a yeast phase culture of A. fumigatus strain Af293 was used in the preparation of fungal microbiome, while a colony morphology and mycelial morphology of A. fumigatus strain Af293 was used in the isolation of the fungal microbiome. These two morphologies were also confirmed as the mating type of A. fumigatus strain Af293.

2.5. Fungal Microbiome Mating Type
The mating type of A. fumigatus strain Af293 was determined by Fungal Macrobiotrophies, a fungal microbiome profiling tool, as described in previous studies [18].


## Results
mansoni and . pombe, respectively. We identified 491 putative and 432 putative fungal species using a two-tiered approach. For each analysis, we chose a set of six OTUs per gut microenvironment. The number of fungal species per gut microenvironment was 32,652, and the number of species per class was 8,137. Overall, the number of fungal species per class was higher than that in the S. mansoni gut. However, the number of fungal species per class was also higher than that in the S. pombe gut. The number of fungal species per class was higher than that in the S. mansoni gut. For each method, we calculated the number of total fungal species per class for each fungal species (S1 Table). The numbers of species per class in the S. mansoni gut were higher than those in the S. pombe gut. The number of species per class in the S. mansoni gut was higher than those in the S. pombe gut. The number of species per class in the S. pombe gut was higher than those in the S. mansoni gut. For each method, we calculated the number of total fungal species per class in the S. mansoni gut for each class. The number of species per class in the S. mansoni gut was higher than those in the S. pombe gut. The number of species per class in the S. pombe gut was higher than those in the S. mansoni gut. The number of species per class in the S. pombe gut was lower than those in the S. mansoni gut. For each method, we calculated the number of total fungal species per species in the S. mansoni gut for each species.

We estimated the number of fungal species per class in each class by using the average number of species per class in each class (Fig 2). For each method, we estimated the number of total fungal species per class in each class by using the average number of species per class in each class. For the S. mansoni and S. pombe method, we used the average number of species per class in each class. For the S. mansoni method, we used the average number of species per class in each class. For the S.


## Discussion
mellonella intestinal microbes was performed by directly comparing the fungal microbiome between adult and larva. The fungal community associated with adult larvae of G. mellonella was dominated by Ascomycota (9.6% of total fungal communities) while the yeast communities associated with larvae were dominated by Eurotiomycetes (10.1% of total yeast communities). The gut microbial communities of G. mellonella were dominated by Ascomycota while the gut bacterial communities were dominated by Basidiomycota. This suggests that G. mellonella may be experiencing a dysbiotic gut environment as previously described in other models (Paur et al., 2015). However, we did not observe any obvious differences in the relative abundance of microorganisms between adult and larvae of G. mellonella. The gut microbial communities of G. mellonella in the present study were dominated by Ascomycota while the gut bacterial communities were dominated by Basidiomycota. These results suggest that gut bacterial communities are heavily influenced by both adult and larvae of G. mellonella.

Microbial community analysis using the PEG-filtered network analysis pipeline revealed a positive correlation between the abundance of bacteria and fungi in the gut of G. mellonella larvae. However, the fungal communities associated with adult G. mellonella were dominated by Ascomycota while the gut fungal communities associated with larvae of G. mellonella were dominated by Basidiomycota. These results suggest that gut fungal communities are heavily influenced by both adults and larvae of G. mellonella.

Our results showed that the gut bacterial communities of G. mellonella were dominated by Ascomycota while the gut bacterial communities associated with larvae of G. mellonella were dominated by Basidiomycota. This is consistent with previous studies (Lai et al., 2015). This could be due to the difference in the fungal communities of adult and larvae of G. mellonella. In a previous study, the gut fungal communities of G. mellonella were dominated by Ascomycota while the gut bacterial communities associated with larvae of G. mellonella were dominated by Basidiomycota (Lai et al., 2015). Thus, gut fungal communities are predominantly influenced by adult and larvae of G. mellonella. This suggests that G.
