# A novel ligand sensitivity DLL modelizes the spread of filamentous fungi
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
For an organism with a thick skin cell wall, this analysis suggests that . albicans can adapt to skin exposed to calcineurin-deficient (CDR) conditions. This adaptation leads to the formation of an exposed skin wall layer that overlaps with the cell surface of the fungus. In a murine model of human keratitis, calcineurin-dependent recruitment of the calcineurin-binding protein and a known fungal virulence factor, the Fos-1a/ß-karmacyltransferase, to the skin was observed. A CDR-CDR skin invasion study of the model fungal pathogen C. albicans revealed that CDR-CDR cells were more readily phagocytosed by the fungus than CDR-CDR cells, and were less tolerant to UV-CDR-induced macrophage activation. CDR-CDR cell surface expression of calcineurin, a key virulence factor, was also enhanced by CDR-CDR cells. These data suggest that calcineurin and the calcineurin-dependent recruitment of calcineurin-dependent proteins to the C. albicans cell surface increase virulence and facilitate invasion by macrophages.

IMPORTANCE The aim of this study is to explore the correlation of the expression levels of several virulence factors in the fungal pathogen Cryptococcus gattii, a nonpathogenic basidiomycete fungus, with those of the human pathogen Cryptococcus neoformans, the most prevalent pathogenic fungus in humans and animals worldwide. We analyzed the expression of the virulence factors in a representative population of C. gattii strains from various geographic regions of the world to establish the degree to which these factors impact on the pathogenicity of C. gattii. Our results show that C. gattii has a large population that includes a large population of nonpathogenic strains, including other fungal strains that have not been previously described as virulent. The results also show that the levels of the virulence-associated genes in the C. gattii genome are large enough to influence the expression of many other genes in this genome, including several putative virulence factors. These results suggest that the genetic diversity within the C. gattii genome is large enough to influence the virulence of this fungus.


## Introduction
The most common presentation of candidemia in hospitalized patients is associated with a limited microbiological clearance, which is associated with low clinical suspicion, hospital-based surveillance and an increased morbidity and mortality [1-3]. The clinical manifestations of candidemia in ICU and intensive care units are diverse and often mimic the presentation of other clinical conditions, including acute respiratory distress syndrome, disseminated histoplasmosis, and invasive candidiasis. The most common fungal species isolated in ICU patients are Candida albicans, Candida glabrata, and Candida tropicalis [4, 5]. Candida tropicalis, a species that causes fungal infections in humans and animals, is associated with a lower frequency of invasive candidiasis compared to C. albicans, C. glabrata, and C. parapsilosis, and has been associated with worse outcomes [6-11]. However, C. tropicalis is a common fungus in patients with chronic respiratory diseases, including ICU, and it is the most common agent isolated from these patients [12, 13]. It is not uncommon to see C. tropicalis in the ICU setting, including systemic manifestations such as hypotensive, hypertension, and peripheral vascular complications, as well as in patients with other conditions that could be associated with an increased risk for aneuploidy, including end organ or severe hepatic cirrhosis and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma [14].


## Methods
The vector pJAF1, a suicide vector that contains a 3×His tag, was used as a target for screenin. The vector was placed at the center of the empty vector in the same way the vector was placed in the empty vector. The vector was incubated at 37°C for 2 h and then incubated at RT for 15 min. The vector was re-suspended in 50 µl of TE buffer (10 mM Tris-HCl pH 8.0, 150 mM KCl, 10 mM MgCl_2, 1 mM EDTA, 0.5% NP-40, 1 mM dithiothreitol, 0.1% NP-40, 1 mM DTT, 0.01% DTT, 1 mM PMSF, 0.01% NP-40, 1 mM DTT, 0.01% NP-40, 0.01% NP-40, and 1% NP-40) and plated onto YPD agar for RNA isolation. The isolates were then stored in 15% glycerol at -80°C.

Bacterial isolates
The bacterial isolates used in this study were obtained from the American Type Culture Collection (ATCC, Manassas, VA, USA). The isolates were cultured in PDB at 37°C for 24 h and then stored at 4°C. These isolates were then transferred to PDB at 37°C for 24 h for further use.

Extraction and sequencing of RNA
Extracted RNA was isolated from the isolated fungal isolates using the RNA Isolation Kit (Qiagen, Hilden, Germany). The cDNA was synthesized using the First Strand cDNA Synthesis Kit (Qiagen, Hilden, Germany). The first strand cDNA was synthesized by using the reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). The RNA was then treated with DNaseI to remove any residual RNA, and then treated with Turbo DNase (Invitrogen, Carlsbad, CA, USA).


## Results
We observed the same behavior of the DLL. In fact, the most striking feature of the DLLs was the growth of hyphae on the host skin. We observed hyphal growth in the skin of all five yeast strains. We also observed the same behavior in the yeast isolates. Therefore, we conclude that the DLLs are able to alter the fungal behavior in an effective manner.

In order to test the hypothesis that DLLs can be used to manipulate the host's immune system, we also examined the effect of the DLLs on the fungal growth of yeast. The results of this study showed that the filamentous growth of all five yeast strains was not inhibited by DLLs. However, we observed that the yeast isolates were able to grow well on the host skin. We further conclude that the DLLs have strong influence on the host's immune system.

DLLs can alter the expression of the transcription factors in a cell-free manner
The role of DLLs in the regulation of the immune response is well established. However, the biological functions of DLLs are still unknown. Here, we investigated the expression of the transcription factors in the yeast strains that were tested.

The expression of the G. mellonella-related genes GPD1, RGS1, RGS2, and CIG1 was investigated in the yeast isolates, but no significant differences were observed. Furthermore, the expression of the S. cerevisiae genes SNR1, TSA1, and GPD1 were not significantly changed. Moreover, the expression of the S. pombe genes SNR2, SNR3, GPD1, and GPD2 was not significantly changed. The S. pombe genes CIG1, GPD1, and GPD2 were also not significantly changed. In contrast, the expression of the S. pombe genes CIG2, GPD2, and GPD3 was significantly changed.

We further investigated the expression of the cytokines IL-1ß, IL-6, IL-1ß-like, and TNF-a. In addition, we examined the expression of the cytokines CCL2, CCL3, CCL5, CCL7, and CXCL1.


## Discussion
The study of the isolation of antimicrobial peptides from Pseudomonas aeruginosa and the demonstration of their antimicrobial activity against different bacteria and fungi in vitro and in vivo has provided a new perspective in the study of antimicrobial resistance. Previous studies have shown that the antibiotic resistance to antibiotics is dependent on a number of factors such as the structure of the antimicrobial compound, the resistance to the antibiotic, and the susceptibility to the antibiotic [3, 4]. The most important factor in the design of antibiotic treatment is the genetic background of the drug target [4]. To gain insights into the molecular mechanisms of resistance, we analyzed the influence of genetic background on the activity of the antibiotic against C. neoformans. In this study, we found that the combination of the two peptides (OPL and PE) enhanced the antimicrobial activity of the two peptides against C. neoformans by 24.2-fold, 27.4-fold, and 4.6-fold, respectively. The combination of the peptides decreased the antibacterial activity of the peptides by 33.9-fold, 53.8-fold, and 27.4-fold, respectively. The combination of the peptides was also statistically significant for the combination of PE and PE.

The antimicrobial peptide combination was considered as a simple, economical, and effective approach to address the growing problem of antibiotic resistance. However, in the present study, we found that this strategy was not optimal for C. neoformans infections because the peptide combination could not effectively treat the infection. The peptide combination treatment with PE had no effect on the antimicrobial activity of the peptides against C. neoformans. PE also did not exhibit any antibacterial effect on the bacteria.
