# A Prospective Study of Treating Patients with Non-HIV Cryptococcal Infections to Improve Antifungal Therapy
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
We conducted a retrospective review of the published records of HIV-positive, antiretroviral therapy (HAART) treated cohorts in Sydney, Australia since 2004. Data from studies in Australia and the United States are pooled to develop a baseline for MetaPathogen Analysis.


## Introduction
The human body has a complex microbial ecosystem that is highly interconnected. There are three major systems in which microbial communities are affected: the gut, the phylum Chlamydomonas, and the phylum Nematoda [1]. The gut is the largest component of the human digestive tract and consists of bacteria, fungi, and archaea that live on top of the human skin and digestive tract, and on top of this, the human mouth, which is colonized by fungi, bacteria and viruses [2]. The phylum Nematoda is the largest component of the human intestinal microbiota and comprises over 2,300 species [3]. The intestinal nematode, which is called placenta, is a microorganism that colonizes the placenta of the newborn, and feeds on many other microorganisms. Nematodes are the most abundant parasites of placenta, and they can parasitize a wide range of other nematode species. The placenta is also colonized by several other microorganisms, such as bacteria, fungi, and viruses [4]. Although the number of fungi and viruses in the human gut is extremely small, the number of species that inhabit the placenta is remarkably diverse. There are over 100 species of fungi, 90 of which are capable of infecting the human intestinal epithelial cells [5]. Some species, such as Candida albicans, Cryptococcus neoformans and Aspergillus fumigatus, are not only opportunistic pathogens, but also diatoms, and can cause severe disease, such as encephalitis, otitis, and visceral infections [6]. Other species such as Pneumocystis jirovecii, A. castellanii, and Pneumocystis carinii are less common pathogens in the human gut, and can also parasitize a wide range of nematodes, including chytridiomycetes (Caenorhabditis) [7].

The nematode is a complex structure. The gastrointestinal tract is a narrow niche, and the most important niche for the maintenance of intestinal homeostasis. The nematode’s digestive tract consists of specialized structures, such as endolysins and, in the case of pathogenic microorganisms, microglia and, in the case of free-living amoebae, endosymbiosis.


## Methods
Clinical and laboratory data and the design and data collection followed the CLSI guideline. The MMN is the most commonly used antifungal therapy for Cryptococcus neoformans (Cryptococcus neoformans) [7], and therefore the most often used antifungal therapy for this species (33%) [28]. Ketoconazole (MTI) and micafungin (MMN) were the most commonly used antifungal drugs for the treatment of Cryptococcus neoformans [29]. The MIC test for ketoconazole was also used to confirm the effectiveness of ketoconazole. This was a standardized test in a randomized controlled trial with a single technical intervention trial (SAR) and one randomized controlled trial (RCT) [30,31]. The OTC MIC for ketoconazole was determined using the same method [31]. The OTC MIC for micafungin was determined using the same method [32]. These data were collected from the following groups: (1) A group of patients with no clear clinical evidence of cryptococcal disease in a definitive outcome study; (2) a group of patients with clear clinical evidence of systemic infection; and (3) a group of patients with clear clinical evidence of cryptococcal disease in a non-inclusionary study. The quality of data was evaluated and the study was approved by the ethical committee of the University Hospital of Guangzhou (Protocol number 004/13).

All the groups were followed for the period of January 2008 to October 2009. The data on the characteristics of the patients were collected from the electronic medical records and the clinical data were collected from the laboratory. The patients were divided into two groups, namely, (1) patients with non-HIV-associated Cryptococcal infection and (2) patients with cryptococcal disease. The patients were divided into two groups, namely, (1) patients with cryptococcal disease and (2) patients with no Cryptococcus neoformans.


## Results
tuberculosis SC5314 genome sequence for genes involved in the regulation of virulenc. The majority of genes that were present in our selection screen are genes that are known to be regulated by other host factors (FDR [FCR] values are available in Table S4) and thus may have limited impact on the development of a systemic disease. Although our selection criteria used a single set of genes, the more stringent criterion (FCR = 100) for sensitivity analyses was used for sensitivity analyses.

The most resistant isolates were M. tuberculosis isolates CBS10 and CBS11, and most resistant isolates were from the Mediterranean region (Table S5). The isolates from the Mediterranean region are considered to be resistant to fluconazole because of their susceptibility to it in patients with MDR-type pathogens, and therefore can be considered as virulent in a clinical setting. The most resistant isolates to fluconazole were the M. tuberculosis isolates CBS9, CBS10, CBS11, and M. tuberculosis, and the M. tuberculosis isolates CBS2, CBS3, and M. tuberculosis, as well as the isolates from the Middle East region.

In the analysis of the impact of drug resistance on therapy, we identified five genes that were common in all resistant isolates to fluconazole and four genes that were common in the most resistant isolates to fluconazole (Table 1). The most resistant isolates were M. tuberculosis (Table 1), which is responsible for the most lethal form of tuberculosis, and the most resistant isolates were M. tuberculosis (Table 2). The M. tuberculosis isolates CBS4, CBS5, and M. tuberculosis were resistant to amphotericin B, itraconazole, and caspofungin, and the M. tuberculosis isolates CBS8, CBS9, and M. tuberculosis were resistant to fluconazole and caspofungin.

The most resistant isolates to fluconazole were M. tuberculosis (Table 1), which is responsible for the most lethal form of tuberculosis, and the M. tuberculosis isolates CBS8, CBS9, and M. tuberculosis were resistant to amphotericin B, itraconazole, and caspofungin.

The most resistant isolates to fluconazole were M. tuberculosis (Table 1), which is responsible for the most lethal form of tuberculosis, and the M.


## Discussion
The large-scale and high-throughput sequencing and annotation of the C. albicans genome provides a high-quality genome annotation and the potential for improved annotation and annotation of C. albicans genes. This genome annotation has been shown in previous genome assemblies and is a good fit for the high-throughput sequencing data and genetic approaches used in this study. In the current study, we also generated a genome assembly for C. albicans by using the CLSM protocol that will allow us to develop the best-of-breed C. albicans strain genome. The CLSM protocol produces a large number of assemblies and a high number of repetitive assemblies, and the assembly information is updated weekly to improve the quality of the assembly information.

The C.
