# A Rare Phenotype of Mucor circinelloides as Invasive Drug Smuggler
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
We present a case of a patient with type 1 diabetes mellitus who presented with pain, diarrhea, and abdominal pain for a month without evidence of recurrent bacterial infections. He had a normal BMI and weight, and only one sample contained gram-for-grams of selenin. He was treated with posaconazole for abdominal pain, and then for gram-for-grams of Ceftriaxone, ketoconazole, and rifampicin. He also developed sepsis five months after the initiation of the treatment. The patient was treated for sepsis secondary to sepsis-illness.

A 65-year-old man presented with chronic abdominal pain, pain on the left lower limb, and diarrhea for a month. He had taken posaconazole for abdominal pain for a month before he developed sepsis. The patient had a low-grade fever, leukocytosis, and abdominal distention for a month. He had taken oral itraconazole for a month and abdominal distention for a month afterward. fever, diarrhea, and fever at work occurred for a month and a half. He had taken oral itraconazole for a month and abdominal distention for a month afterward. fever and abdominal distention were signs of interstitial nephritis, sepsis, and anisoplasmosis. fever and abdominal distention; diagnose immediately; posaconazole is done; posaconazole should be started as per local guidelines. antifungal; surgery.

Posaconazole was the only empiric treatment. The only exception was for abdominal distention, which was refractory to cicatrizadone.


## Introduction
[1] (Table 1.

Infections by Mucorales are endemic to Europe and North America and are of significant concern due to the high mortality rate. The Mucorales are considered opportunistic pathogens, particularly those that infect and survive on phagocytic cells of the skin, mucocutaneous tissues, and deep tissues. They have been also implicated in several other invasive diseases, such as rhinitis, keratitis, cellulitis, and infections of wound and nail infections. Mucor circinelloides is the most common, causing the life-threatening blastomycosis in immunocompromised individuals. [2], [3] Invasive mucormycosis can cause a wide range of clinical presentations, ranging from superficial skin lesions to life-threatening invasive fungal infections. [4] Infection occurs through the respiratory tract, by systemic route in severely immunocompromised patients, and by mucormycosis in immunocompetent individuals. It is often asymptomatic and is often asymptomatic in immunocompetent individuals, with the clinical manifestations often mimicking other diseases. [5] In some cases, infections can disseminate and be fatal. [6] Mucor circinelloides has a worldwide distribution and can cause a wide range of clinical manifestations, ranging from asymptomatic, cutaneous, mucocutaneous, disseminated, and life-threatening disseminated mucormycosis. The global distribution and prevalence of Mucor circinelloides infections are unknown. In the United States, the number of diagnosed cases has been decreasing for a variety of reasons, particularly due to the more intensive care and intensive care, and with the increasing use of immunosuppressive therapies. [7], [8] A review of the most commonly occurring mucormycoses in the United States, including those caused by Mucorales and Rhizopus spp., found 26 cases in 2004 and 11 cases in 2007. [9] Mucormycosis has a worldwide distribution, with a reported incidence of 6 per 100,000 live births. [7], [10] Infections by Mucor circinelloides are rare but can be fatal.


## Methods
Genomic DNA was extracted from the mycelium of Mucor circinelloides isolate. The DNA was separated from the mycelium using a DNA-tip apparatus. The purified DNA was used to amplify the 1.8-kb fragment of the mitochondrial genome of Mucor circinelloides. The amplified DNA was sequenced using the Illumina NextSeq platform (Illumina, San Diego, CA, USA). The sequences were aligned by using the software “LG” software (LG Biotech Co., Ltd., Chonnam, Korea) with default parameters. The paired-end reads were assembled with Sequencher version 4.6 (Gene Codes Corporation, Ann Arbor, MI, USA). The sequence reads were deposited in the NCBI GenBank database under accession numbers GCA548792-GCA54895.

Mucor circinelloides in the Mucor xianae complex was identified using the “Mucor xianae” database (http://mucor.org/), which contains 11,000,000 sequences, which were assigned to different organisms by the following criteria: taxonomic classification, species, and sequence similarity. The Mucor xianae complex is a complex of the three morphotypes [18]. In order to understand the Mucor xianae complex, we used a phylogenetic analysis. In this study, we analyzed the phylogenetic tree of the Mucor xianae complex based on the concatenated sequences of the Mucor xianae complex. The phylogenetic tree of Mucor xianae complex was constructed using the maximum likelihood method [19]. The neighbor-joining method was used to build a concatenated alignment of the concatenated sequences of Mucor xianae complex. The concatenated alignment was used to construct a phylogenetic tree, which was used to determine the topology of the Mucor xianae complex. The phylogenetic tree was constructed using the neighbor-joining method. The evolutionary model was selected using the MEGA version 6.0 software (http://www.


## Results
circinelloides genome was performe. The M. circinelloides genome was searched using the Bowtie program and the query sequence was BLASTP BLASTed against the database of the GenBank database. The top hit in the M. circinelloides database was the M. circinelloides genome [24]. The M. circinelloides genome was sequenced and the genome was mapped using the SignalP program. The M. circinelloides genome contains several transposable elements, which are essential for the successful genome rearrangements. However, in many cases, translational changes are not observed in the genome of M. circinelloides [25,26]. The genome of M. circinelloides contains transposable elements that are essential for the successful genome rearrangements. In addition, some transposable elements have been identified in the genome of M. circinelloides, which are likely involved in the translational machinery, and have also been found in the genome of M. circinelloides [27].

The genome of M. circinelloides is characterized by transposable elements and predicted transposable elements. The presence of transposable elements in M. circinelloides could represent the result of recent functional divergence. M. circinelloides is characterized by a high number of transposable elements (TEs), which are important in the chromosome assembly process. These elements can be classified into several categories. TEs are present in a wide range of TE families and may be involved in the assembly of chromosomal structures [28,29]. In order to identify the TEs in the genome of M. circinelloides, the P. crassa genome was used as a reference. A comprehensive genome assembly of M. circinelloides was performed using the Bowtie program and the sequence was BLASTP BLASTed against the GenBank database. The M. circinelloides genome was used as a reference and the P. crassa genome was used as a reference. The M. circinelloides genome was sequenced and the genome was mapped using the Bowtie program. The genome of M. circinelloides contains several transposable elements, which are essential for the successful genome rearrangements.


## Discussion
In addition, it is worth noting that the yeast-like . neoformans strain isolated from Ixalan, Brazil (GenBank: XP_01885543.1) and the human isolate from the same location (GenBank: XP_00117847.1) were identical to one another (Table 1). This suggests that the C. neoformans strain isolated from the same location and with the same population structure as the C. gattii strain is a common fungus isolated from different regions in Brazil.

The identification of C. gattii strains in the Brazilian environment may be indicative of the fungal population in Brazil [12], which is an ecological niche recognized by the Brazilian state of Paraiba, where there are a number of endemic human fungal infections [13]. As we were not able to obtain any C. gattii isolates from publically available laboratories, this is the first report of a C. gattii outbreak in the Brazilian environment. A large number of isolates from soil have been reported from different geographic locations, yet to be identified in Brazil [14]. In this study, we observed a high rate of C. gattii in the soil. This could be due to the fact that the Brazilian environment is an ecological niche of C. gattii and that the Brazilian soil is largely uninhabited. Furthermore, the infection of C. gattii by C. neoformans has been reported previously in other environments. For example, in the Brazilian environment, C. gattii was reported to cause infection by the devastating disease C. gattii in humans [15]. In addition, a recent study showed that C. gattii was able to cause disease in mice and that this fungus could be easily recovered from environmental sources [16].

The fact that this species of C. gattii has not been found in the environment has suggested that this species is highly adapted to the Brazilian environment. We hypothesize that the high frequency of C. gattii in this environment could be due to the fact that the Brazilian environment is a highly biodiverse habitat with an abundance of C. gattii. The low biodiversity of this fungus in the environment, coupled with the high rate of C. gattii infections, could be an adaptation factor for the local human population. C. gattii is also known to be associated with more soil samples than C. neoformans [17].
