# Activation of Integrin Signaling Pathway through an Acylase-Altered Gene Cluster in Heterobasidion parviporum
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Fluorescence microscopy and transmission electron microscopy (TF-TEM) analysis on immature and mature cells after infection with the fungi Paracoccidioides brasiliensis and Histoplasma capsulatum were performed to investigate the early steps of formation of dendritic cells (DCs) in the early stage of infection. Fungi were cultivated in the presence of various carbon sources and incubated for 4-6 hours at 37ºC. Then, when the immune response subsided, Paracoccidioides fungi were inoculated into DCs. These cells were then stained microscopically for presence of fungal proteins, dendritic cell (DC) markers, and cytokines. Finally, the cells were infected with fungal cell-matrix proteins, dendritic cell (DC) markers, and cytokines. After 4-6 hours, the number of DCs was estimated and dendritic cells were identified. After 4-6 hours, the number of DCs was estimated and dendritic cells were identified in the murine model. These results suggest that Paracoccidioides can manipulate the early steps of the immune response, thereby facilitating the establishment of infection.


## Introduction
The growth defect in culture is caused by reduced expression of genes encoding proteins required for the synthesis of the polysaccharide capsule [19,20,21. Although the major components of the polysaccharide capsule are well known, it is unknown whether the gene product is expressed in both fungi and yeast.

The surface capsule of F. pedrosoi contains a unique polysaccharide capsule composed of galactosaminogalactan, ß-(1-3)-glucan, and chitin [22,23]. Galactofuranosyltransferase (GGT) is a key enzyme of the polysaccharide capsule in fungi and is involved in the synthesis of capsule, glucuronoxylomannan (GXMGal), and chitin [24]. The GXMGal enzyme is also known as the glucanase. The GXMGal enzyme is an integral component of the capsule biosynthesis and also the target for antifungal therapy [25]. The C. neoformans and C. gattii glucanase are also known to be expressed on keratinocytes and epithelial cells and mediate cell wall remodelling, virulence, and pathogenesis [26]. A large number of C. neoformans and C. gattii glucanase have been characterized and shown to be important for growth in the mouse model and pathogenicity [27,28,29]. In addition, a number of other key C. neoformans and C. gattii glucanase genes are also known to be expressed in the host. In the case of the C. neoformans, GGT has been shown to be essential for growth in the mouse model and pathogenicity [27,28,29]. In addition, GGT expression is regulated in the human host through a family of three heterotrimeric GGT-binding proteins known as the Hsp90-RelD proteins [30,31]. The Hsp90-RelD proteins are transcriptionally up-regulated during the early phase of infection and the Hsp90-RelD proteins are required for the establishment of a fungal cell-wall-dependent infection of the host [30,31]. The activation of C. neoformans and C. gattii glycolytic enzymes has been previously reported [32,33].


## Methods
% Tween 80 for 3 min at room temperatur. After incubation, the tissue blocks were washed and stained with 4',6-diamidino-2-phenylindole (DAPI, Invitrogen, USA) and then with uranyl acetate and lead citrate (Sigma, USA). Sections were observed under a microscope (Leica Microsystems, Germany) and the protein level was evaluated using the Bradford method (Siemens, Germany). The staining intensity of the halo spots was quantified using ImageJ (Schneider et al., 2016).

Western Blotting
The cells of H. pylori were resuspended in PBS. The cells were pelleted by centrifugation at 2,000 × g for 10 min, and the supernatant was used for the Western blot. The protein concentration was measured by the Bradford method (Siemens, Germany).

Deglycosylation–based Lysosomal Lysosome Analysis
The cells of H. pylori were resuspended in PBS and incubated with 0.1% w/v DMSO. The cells were then lysed with 0.3% w/v acetic acid at 30 °C for 10 min, and the samples were analyzed by SDS-PAGE.

Western Blotting
The cells of H. pylori were resuspended in PBS and incubated with 0.1% w/v DMSO. The samples were then lysed by gentle mixing with a total volume of 5 ml of 10 mM Tris-HCl buffer (pH 8.0) containing protease inhibitor cocktail (Sigma, USA). The samples were incubated with the protease inhibitors (100 µg/ml of 6×PI, 100 µg/ml of 30×PI, and 100 µg/ml of EDTA, dissolved in 5 mM Tris-HCl buffer, pH 8.0) at 37 °C for 20 min and the protein bands were visualized using a 2% polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis. The bands were blotted onto a nitrocellulose membrane (Bio-Rad, USA).


## Results
), two independent fusions were not foun. In the in vitro reaction of integrin with aflatoxin and its ß-carbinolamine (AA)-monomer (pH 8.8), two fusions were not found, whereas, in the reaction of integrin with an AA-monomer (pH 7.1), two independent fusions were found. The expression of the integrin gene cluster in the in vitro reaction of integrin with an AA-monomer was found to be highly induced (Fig 1). In the in vitro reaction of integrin with an AA-monomer (pH 8.9) (Fig 1), the expression of the integrin gene cluster was significantly up-regulated (Fig 1). In the in vitro reaction of integrin with an AA-monomer (pH 8.8), two fusions were found, whereas, in the reaction of integrin with an AA-monomer (pH 7.1), two independent fusions were found. The expression of the integrin gene cluster in the in vitro reaction of integrin with an AA-monomer (pH 8.8) (Fig 1) was significantly induced (Fig 1). The expression of the integrin gene cluster in the in vitro reaction of integrin with an AA-monomer (pH 8.9) (Fig 1) was strongly up-regulated (Fig 1).

Integrin-Induced Reactions of Integrin with Aflavone, Acetylglucosamine, Glucuronoxylomannan, and Aspergillus Glutin in Heterobasidion Parviporum
The in vitro reaction of integrin with aflatoxin, an AA-monomer, and an AA-linked glucuronoxylomannan in Heterobasidion parviporum revealed that, in the in vitro reaction of integrin with an AA-monomer (pH 7.1), two independent fusions were not found. In the in vitro reaction of integrin with an AA-monomer (pH 7.


## Discussion
parviporum (Fig 6B. The Hsp90-1-A, A, and B genes involved in S. cerevisiae conidiation are missing from the current analysis. The S. cerevisiae conidiation pathway has been shown to be activated by transcription factors, including ParA, Acl2, Ssk1 and Ire1 [31]. Additionally, many Hsp90-1-A, A, B and C genes have been found to be involved in response to hyperosmotic stress and cell wall alteration [32], [33]. Hsp90-1 is also required for conidiation in A. fumigatus [34], [35], [36], [37], and Hsp90-1 is required for sporulation in H. parviporum [38]. Furthermore, several Hsp90-1-A and Hsp90-1-B genes have been shown to be involved in responses to cell wall or polysaccharide antigens [39], [40], [41]. Our analysis showed that Hsp90-1, A, B, C, and D genes are involved in the conidiation of H. parviporum. This finding is consistent with previous studies showing that the Hsp90-1 gene in H. parviporum is activated by a constitutive S. cerevisiae gene promoter [31]. However, this was not observed in our analysis. To further investigate the role of Hsp90-1 in conidiation, we used the GFP-S1 promoter region of the Hsp90-1 gene as shown in Fig 7A. The GFP-S1 gene is also involved in conidiation in H. parviporum.

To further examine the role of Hsp90-1 in the development of H. parviporum, we analyzed the gene expression of Hsp90-1, A, B, C, D, and E genes in H. parviporum. We found that Hsp90-1 expression is downregulated in the presence of osmotic or temperature stressors. We also found that Hsp90-1 is downregulated in the presence of H_2O_2.
