# Activity of Scorpion Venom-Derived Peptide-Induced Induction Medicine for Alternative Therapy of Crohn Disease
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
This is a case report of disseminated cryptococcosis in a 28-year-old man with diabetes mellitus who presented with multiple symptoms of decreased muscle tone and a low red blood cell count. He had a past history of diabetes and a history of steroid use. He had a past history of steroid-based indications for diabetes. He was treated with high-dose of rituximab for aspergillosis. He was treated with oral meconium reduction and acyclovir. He was treated with fluconazole for 1 week and then discontinued the drug for 1 week. On the 10th day of discontinuation, his symptoms improved and he was empirically started on ibrutinib. Fluconazole was discontinued and his treatment was switched to voriconazole. He had a good physical, digestive, and urological outcome. This case report illustrates the usefulness of early evaluation to decide if there is an appropriate treatment available.


## Introduction
Many intestinal microbes have been reported to produce extracellular proteases, termed endolysins, that are sometimes found in tissue- or cell-bound cells of animals, fungi, plants, and bacteria. Endolysins are extracellular proteins that can bind both endogenous and exogenous ligands and can induce a variety of cellular responses in the intestine and other organs in a stochastically multipotential distribution, such as growth, metabolism, and immune responses. In these cells, proteases play a pivotal role in various processes that are involved in various physiological functions such as biofilm formation, secretion of extracellular matrix components, tissue remodelling, and immune responses (1-3).

Fungi are considered to be one of the most diverse groups of organisms, comprising more than 400 recognized species (4). Despite their diversity, the genus contains more than 300 recognized species (5). However, the genus is still poorly understood because of the lack of well-characterised fungal endolysins, which are structurally and functionally not known (6). In this study, we investigated the protease-degrading ability of A. fumigatus (A. fumigatus) and other bacteria, and the roles of extracellular proteases in virulence of this organism. In addition, we also studied extracellular proteases in vivo using a mouse model of urinary tract infection. We provide evidence that extracellular proteases are involved in mucosal infection of mice with Candida albicans and to some extent, other fungi. However, our results suggest that these bacteria produce extracellular proteases in addition to extracellular enzymes, as well as other secretory proteins, which are responsible for the extracellular proteolysis and secretion of extracellular proteinase, and that these extracellular proteases can be involved in the virulence of A. fumigatus in this animal.


## Methods
aureus (1-1-1,2-3. Theinophytes were treated with either antifungal drugs at concentrations of 0.05-0.1 mg/mL, 0.25-0.1 mg/mL, 0.25-0.1 mg/mL, 0.25-0.5 mg/mL, and 0.5-0.6 mg/mL, respectively. For the treatment of patients with dermatophytoses, theinophytes were treated with two-fold serial dilutions of antifungal drugs: 1-0.5 mg/mL; 1-0.25 mg/mL; 1-0.5 mg/mL; 1-0.5 mg/mL; and 2-0.125 mg/mL. Theinophytes were treated with 0.5-0.5 mg/mL, 0.25-0.5 mg/mL, 0.25-0.5 mg/mL, 0.25-0.5 mg/mL, 0.25-0.5 mg/mL, 0.5-1 mg/mL, 0.25-1 mg/mL, 0.25-2 mg/mL, and 0.5-2 mg/mL. Theinophytes were treated with 0.5-1 mg/mL, 0.25-0.5 mg/mL, 0.25-0.5 mg/mL, 0.25-2 mg/mL, 0.25-2 mg/mL, 0.25-4 mg/mL, 0.5-6 mg/mL, and 0.6-9 mg/mL. Theinophytes were treated with 0.5-1 mg/mL, 0.5-2 mg/mL, 0.5-4 mg/mL, and 0.5-8 mg/mL.


## Results
The combination of scorpion venom and itraconazole for combination therapy of Crohn disease was shown to reduce the incidence of Crohn disease in mice, while itraconazole reduced the incidence of Crohn disease in this mode. In comparison, the combination of scorpion venom and itraconazole was better than that of itraconazole for combination therapy of Crohn disease (Figure 3). The combination of scorpion venom with itraconazole (4 mg/kg) was able to achieve an efficacy reduction of 2.5-5.5-6.0% compared to that of itraconazole (4 mg/kg) (Figure 3).

In order to determine the potential synergistic interactions between scorpion venom and itraconazole, a synergistic interaction between scorpion venom and itraconazole was also analyzed using the microdilution assay (Figure 4). A synergistic interaction between scorpion venom and itraconazole was found to be achieved (Figure 4). To further evaluate the potential synergistic interaction between scorpion venom and itraconazole, a synergistic interaction between scorpion venom and itraconazole was also found to be achieved (Figure 4).

Pharmacokinetics of Various Vials in Combination Therapy of Crohn Disease and Antiretroviral Therapy
The pharmacokinetics of various formulations of scorpion venom were analyzed. Itraconazole (0.8 mg/kg) and scorpion venom (2 mg/kg) were the most active formulations, with IC_50 values of 1.46 and 1.53 µg/ml, respectively, for the combination therapy of Crohn disease and antiretroviral therapy, respectively. Itraconazole (1.0 mg/kg) was the least active, with IC_50 values of 2.09 and 4.78 µg/ml, respectively, for the combination therapy of Crohn disease and antiretroviral therapy, respectively.

In order to analyze the potential synergistic interactions between scorpion venom and itraconazole, a synergistic interaction between scorpion venom and itraconazole was also found to be achieved (Figure 5).


## Discussion
Because the TNF-a and IL-6 are expressed in tumors, the presence of scorpion venom and/or parasitic nematode disease is essential for the development of TNF-a and IL-. However, the role of scorpion venom and/or parasitic nematode disease in the development of TNF-a and IL-6 is still unclear.

We first demonstrated that scorpion venom induced the expression of IL-10 and IL-18 in IL-6R^-/- mice, which were treated with four doses of scorpion venom. In contrast to the IL-10-induced expression of IL-4 in IL-6R^-/- mice, scorpion venom induced IL-18 and IL-10 expression in IL-18R^-/- mice. TNF-a and IL-6 were also significantly increased in IL-18R^-/- mice (Fig 2A). In contrast, in the absence of scorpion venom, IL-12 was also upregulated in IL-12R^-/- mice (Fig 2A). In addition, scorpion venom induced the expression of IL-10 and IL-13 in IL-13R^-/- mice (Fig 2B). The results demonstrated that scorpion venom induces IL-10 and IL-13 expression in IL-12R^-/- mice, which is in line with previous reports on the roles of scorpion venom in the development of TNF-a and IL-6 [27, 30, 33, 37]. We also demonstrated that scorpion venom induced the expression of IL-10 and IL-13 in IL-12R^-/- mice, which is in line with previous reports on the roles of scorpion venom in the development of TNF-a and IL-6 [27, 30, 33, 37].

A tumor cell line, HepG2B-induced IL-10 and IL-13 was also significantly upregulated in the Il6R^-/- mice. HepG2B-induced IL-10 and IL-13 are specific markers for Th2 cell development in the lung and are required for tumorigenesis and dissemination to the brain [38, 39].
