# Alternative Therapeutic and Proteomics Approaches for Cancer Infections
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract

A 2-center, randomized,icentral, international trial of 19 patients (2F, 3T, and 4TBM) who were diagnosed with cancer, or metastatic disease, at an individual or group of patients living in the United States: 13 with MDR and 13 without MD. At diagnosis, these patients had 97% chance of dying due to metastatic disease.

The primary endpoint was the proportion of patients with a first or second CD4+ cell count (Cr) at admission, determined by Youden-Behnken and Zwiedlke statistic. The secondary endpoint was the proportion of patients with a noncontracted CD4+ cell count (NCD2 count) at admission (the number of cells/mm3ogram of the distribution adjusted for body weight/gene X-ray copy ratio [BOD]/100 cells/mm3ogram of the distribution adjusted for height and weight/gene X-ray copy ratio [BOD]/100 cells/mm3ogram of the distribution adjusted for weight/gene]. A primary analysis of noncontracted CD4+ cell counts, calculated according to the US guidelines, was used to compare CD4+cell counts among the 13 subjects with the 19 with MDR.

No differences were found in the proportion of noncontracted CD4+ cell counts between the two arms (P = 0.76). However, the proportion of patients with a noncontracted CD4+cell count, calculated using the BOD of the number of cells/mm3ogram of the distribution adjusted for body weight/gene X-ray copy ratio, was higher in the 3T than in the 3T arm (28% versus 17% [P = 0.95]), suggesting a predilection for both pathogens more frequently than other pathogens. In the 3T arm, the proportion of patients with a noncontracted CD4+cell count was higher than the 3T arm (45% versus 25% [P = 0.95] and 0%, respectively; P = 0.75).


## Introduction
Bacterial pathogens typically cause a range of infections, ranging from superficial to life-threatening systemic infections [1, 2]. With the advent of immuno-based therapies, the number of infections due to Gram-negative bacteria has significantly increased. Currently, the main opportunistic bacterial infections are pneumonia, skin infections, otitis media, and invasive fungal infections [3, 4]. These infections are mainly caused by the Gram-negative cocci and can be classified as candidiasis, candidemia, or aspergillosis [5, 6]. However, the occurrence of non-Candida yeasts has been increasing in recent years, which have been associated with the development of several new antimicrobials, such as azoles, echinocandins, polyenes, allylamines, and triazoles [7, 8].

Antimicrobials are first given either as a prophylaxis or as treatment, as they act against commensal bacteria and yeasts in the oral and vaginal tracts, respectively [9]. Azoles are considered the main class of drugs used to treat yeast infections, which have been found to have no activity against other fungal pathogens such as Mycobacterium spp., Cryptococcus neoformans, or Rhodotorula spp. In addition, the use of antifungal agents, such as amphotericin B, flucytosine, and fluconazole, has caused the emergence of drug-resistant strains [9, 10]. Therefore, the development of new antimicrobial agents is of paramount importance. With the rapid development of antifungal drugs, new classes of compounds are required for the treatment of fungal infections. Moreover, novel antifungal agents are needed to combat the increasing number of fungal resistance [11].

In this regard, the structure-activity relationship (SAR) analysis of the major medicinal plants (MRC) has emerged as a powerful method to investigate their antibacterial, antifungal, and antiviral activities [12, 13]. A number of structurally diverse natural compounds were identified from medicinal plants, which were used for their SAR, which determines the minimum inhibitory concentrations (MIC). The SAR is also the molecular structure of most substances in medicinal plants, which determine the presence of a compound in its bioactivity [14].


## Methods
CEPA is a non-commercial collaboration between the Stanford University School of Medicine and the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute and is an expert in the area of . dermatitidis. The study was conducted in accordance with recommendations in the American Society for Clinical Microbiology (AMA). The clinical and ethical approval of the study was granted by the Institutional Review Board of the Stanford University School of Medicine. The study was approved by the Ethics Committee of the World Medical Association (AMA) and the New Zealand Medical Association (NZMA) and the UK Medical Research Ethics Review Board (UKAMA) and the ethical review was approved by the Clinical and Ethical Review Committees of the School of Medicine at the University of Aberdeen.

C. albicans ATCC 90028 was isolated from a clinical specimen of a patient with pulmonary carcinoma. A stock of the strain was obtained from the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) and stored at -80°C in liquid nitrogen. The stock was cultured on Sabouraud Dextrose Agar (SDA) (Difco Laboratories, Detroit, MI, USA) at 37°C for 48 h.

2.4. Molecular Methods
The gene encoding the histone H3 (RBH3) gene was amplified and cloned into pGEM-T easy vector (Promega, Madison, WI, USA) using the E. coli expression plasmid pGEM-RBH3-T Easy vector (Promega, Madison, WI, USA). The gene encoding the histone H4 (H4) gene was amplified and cloned into pGEM-T Easy vector (Promega, Madison, WI, USA) using the E. coli expression plasmid pGEM-H4-T Easy vector (Promega, Madison, WI, USA). The gene encoding the histone H4 (H4) gene was amplified and cloned into pGEM-T Easy vector (Promega, Madison, WI, USA). The 3' flanking sequences of the gene encoding the histone H3 were amplified by PCR using the primers listed in Additional file 1: Table S1. The amplified DNA was digested with HindIII and cloned into the 3' flanking sequence of the gene encoding the histone H3.


## Results
As shown in Table S1, the most common genes found in the present study were those involved in the degradation of DNA (Table S1), ribosomal structure (Table S2), and RNA transport (Table S3. The most common protein types found in these 235,854 genes were those involved in protein transport and catalysis. In total, we found that 85,077 genes were differentially expressed in the two independent samples.

In order to identify genes that were differentially expressed in the two independent samples, we carried out a gene ontology (GO) analysis. As shown in Table S4, the GO term for GO analysis is “metabolic process” (Table S5). In order to validate that the biological processes identified in the two samples were indeed biological processes, we used a gene ontology (GO) analysis to identify genes that are important for the biological process of the two independent samples. This analysis revealed that the most common GO terms related to the biological process of the two samples are “transcriptional regulation, protein folding, protein fate, and protein fate” (Table S6). In addition, the GO term “posttranslational modification, protein turnover, and modification of protein-protein complexes” (Table S6) was found to be significantly enriched in genes in both samples. We found that the most common GO term related to the biological process of the two samples is “protein fate” (Table S7). In addition, the GO term “posttranslational modification, protein turnover, and modification of protein-protein complexes” was found to be significantly enriched in genes in the two samples. We also found that the most common GO term “transcriptional regulation, protein folding, protein fate” (Table S8) was significantly enriched in genes in the two samples.

Expression of C. albicans–Disease Pathway Gene in the Three Independent Samples
To further characterize the expression of pathogen-associated fungal pathogen genes in the three independent samples, we conducted qRT-PCR analysis for a series of pathogen-associated fungal pathogen gene expression genes.


## Discussion

A total of 988 novel . marneffei genes were identified in our genome database and these genes were compared to those identified in other fungal species. The number of novel genes in T. marneffei was higher than that in other fungi. For example, the number of novel genes in T. brucei was 2,472 and the number of novel genes in T. atroviride was 4,835 [3]. T. brucei was also in the same order of magnitude as T. atroviride. In addition, the number of novel genes in T. atroviride was 4,835 compared to that in T. marneffei.

We identified 6,964 novel genes in T. brucei, compared to 5,818 in other fungal species. Among these, 5,964 were found to be novel genes. This comparison suggests that T. brucei has a higher number of novel genes than T. brucei.

Interestingly, we also identified a T. marneffei gene (Tmdr1) that encodes a protein involved in the degradation of the ribulose, which is a major component of the ribulose deacetylation pathway. Tmdr1 is an RNA-dependent RNA polymerase that is expressed on DNA and is required for the formation of ribulose. The protein is also involved in the ribulose-deacetylation pathway. Tmdr1 also contains a putative ribulose-deacetylation enzyme, which is a component of the ribulose deacetylase (RDA) pathway [46]. The Tmdr1 gene was identified in T. brucei genome. This gene is similar to the genes in other fungal species. However, Tmdr1 encodes a protein with no homolog in T. brucei. It is likely that the gene encoding Tmdr1 is present in T. brucei.

Genome-wide analysis of T. brucei genome showed that many novel genes were involved in protein degradation, including tdr1, tdr2, tdr3, tdr4, tdr5, tdr6, and tdr10.
