# Amoebozones and nitric oxide synthase genes potentiated by microglia play a vital role in controlling the behavior of Candida albicans during symbiosis
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The treatment of bacterial and fungal meningitis by lumbar puncture remains a major challenge in the United States, where more than 1.5 million people are infected. In many states, access to care is available for induction treatment of both meningitis and bacterial and fungal disease, but the extent of this offer remains unclear. We estimated the cost of such treatment for individuals with meningitis and bacterial and fungal disease using 2013 data from the National Health Insurance Information and Brothiness Scale of Anomal Attivitatus (NHANIBAC) in the United States and Canada. The cost of medications was estimated at $14.6 million in the United States and $15.2 million in Canada in 2013. The average annual income of those with meningitis was $29,082 and the average length of time for bacterial meningitis was 2.5 years. The median initial cost of treatment was $14,078.20 in the United States and $17.078 millions in Canada. The cost of fungicidal treatment was $3,711.10 in the United States and $3,711.10 in Canada in 2013. In Canada, meningitis mortality was 36% in 2013 compared to 24% in 2013 in the United States, and over 10% in Canada in 2013. Long term adherence to care and adherence to screening strategies were identified as factors associated with mortality in 2013, and these would be considered in terms of cost of treatment.

Cost of treatment in a setting with high rates of bacterial meningitis is estimated to be $300 million in 2013. Estimated patients with meningitis in 2013 had a CD4 count of 4 or below. Treatment costs for bacterial meningitis in 2013 were estimated at $5.4 million in Canada. Additional cost-effectiveness analyses were performed estimating the potential cost-effectiveness of HIV screening vs. no meningitis screening.

In 2013, the HIV meningitis mortality was 43% in Canada, 29% in the United States, and 16% in the United Kingdom. Long term adherence to care and adherence to screening strategies were identified as factors associated with mortality. Conclusion. Treatment of HIV-associated bacterial meningitis with screening vs no meningitis screening could reduce morbidity and mortality, improve care and decrease adherence to care.


## Introduction
Cryptococcal meningoencephalitis is a significant cause of mortality in immunocompromised patients, particularly AIDS patients and organ transplant recipients [1-5]. It is caused by inhalation of fungal spores and the encapsulated yeast forms of the genus Cryptococcus. The fungus has a worldwide distribution and has been recognized as a leading cause of fungal meningitis [6-8]. The current World Health Organization (WHO) classification of cryptococcal meningitis (CM) is one of non-Hodgkin's lymphocytic meningitis, i.e.


## Methods
Primers used to amplify the GRPC_GWO_0, GRPC_GWO_1, GRPC_GWO_2, GRPC_GWO_3, GRPC_GWO_4, and GRPC_GWO_5 were designed with the previous sequences of . chrysosporium (PpC) [11]. Primers designed to amplify the GRPC_GWO_0, GRPC_GWO_1, GRPC_GWO_2, and GRPC_GWO_3 were designed to amplify the GRPC_GWO_0, GRPC_GWO_1, and GRPC_GWO_2, respectively. The primers for amplification were designed using the same sequences as for amplification of the primers above.

Preparation of P. chrysosporium glucoamylase
The Glucoamylase gene of P. chrysosporium P. chrysosporium (PpC) was amplified by PCR with primers PpC_GWO_0 and PpC_GWO_1 and PpC_GWO_2 and PpC_GWO_3. The amplification product was purified with the TURBO DNA Kit (Ambion). The purified PCR product was cloned into pMD19-T vector, and the resulting plasmid pMD19-PpC-GFP was transformed into P. chrysosporium wild type P. chrysosporium strain P. chrysosporium, and transformants were selected on yeast extract-peptone-dextrose (YPD) agar. The transformants were screened by colony PCR to confirm the presence of the gene of interest. The PCR products were purified and cloned into pMD19-T vector to obtain pMD19-PpC-GFP. The pMD19-PpC-GFP plasmid was used to transform P. chrysosporium wild type P. chrysosporium, and transformants were selected on yeast extract-peptone-dextrose (YPD) agar. The transformants were selected on YPD agar with 200 µg/ml of hygromycin B. The pMD19-PpC-GFP plasmid was transformed into P.


## Results
Furthermore, an increase in cytokine production by microglia was observed in response to N2 macrophages, while the production of neutrophils was inhibited by N2 macrophages [16], [17. The ability of microglia to induce apoptosis has been demonstrated in other studies by increasing the number of monothiol glutarediamide (MGG) transporters [18], [19], [20] and increasing the number of macrophage-like cell-surface receptors (MGGR) [21]. The increase in MGGR activity was observed for M1 macrophages, whereas the activity was decreased in response to N2 macrophages [15], [16], [17], [18], [19]. The addition of intracellular cytokines by N2 macrophages was demonstrated to induce apoptosis in C. albicans [16], [17]. However, the authors found no significant effect of N2 macrophages on the production of the TNF-a cytokines IL-2 and IFN-<U+03B3>, as well as the pro-inflammatory cytokine IL-12 [22], [23].

Furthermore, the capacity of microglia to induce apoptosis is characterized by the reduction in the number of monothiol glutarediamide (MGGR) transporters (Fig 3). MGGR transporters were the most abundant in response to N2 macrophages (45.7%) and had the highest number of MGGR transporters (42.3%). MGGR transporters were highly abundant in response to N2 macrophages and had the highest number of MGGR transporters (42.3%) and the highest number of MGGR transporters (32.8%). In addition, the number of MGGR transporters increased with N2 macrophages and the number of MGGR transporters was decreased (Fig 3).

We further investigated the effect of N2 macrophages on the cellular functions of microglia by observing the cytosolic M1 macrophage cells (Fig 4A). M1 macrophages were able to induce apoptosis in C. albicans and C. neoformans, but not in the yeast phase of C. neoformans. In addition, a higher number of M1 macrophages were able to induce apoptosis in C.


## Discussion
In addition, . fumigatus has been reported to suppress the expression of A. fumigatus epimastigote synthesis genes [16]. In this study, we found that the A. fumigatus AGO1 gene encodes a nitric oxide synthase, a nitric oxide reductase, a nitric oxide-producing protein, and a thiol-derived product of nitric oxide synthase. These genes play critical roles in the defense against fungal pathogens. These genes were also found to be involved in the early steps of the infection process. The A. fumigatus AGO1 gene encodes a nitric oxide synthase, a nitric oxide reductase, and a nitric oxide-producing protein. These genes have been found to be involved in the early stages of infection process in Candida albicans. The AGO1 gene encodes a nitric oxide synthase, a nitric oxide reductase, and a nitric oxide-producing protein. These genes were also found to be involved in the early steps of the infection process in Candida albicans. Our results show that the AGO1 gene encodes a nitric oxide synthase, a nitric oxide reductase, and a nitric oxide-producing protein. These genes have been reported to be involved in the early stages of infection process in Candida albicans.

Furthermore, AGO1 gene encodes a nitric oxide reductase, a nitric oxide-related protein, and a nitric oxide synthase. These genes have been found to be involved in the early stages of infection process in Candida albicans. Our results show that the AGO1 gene encodes a nitric oxide reductase, a nitric oxide-related protein, and a nitric oxide synthase. These genes have been reported to be involved in the early stages of infection process in Candida albicans.

In this study, we found that the AGO1 gene encodes a nitric oxide reductase, a nitric oxide-related protein, and a nitric oxide-producing protein. These genes have been reported to be involved in the early stages of infection process in Candida albicans. Our results showed that the AGO1 gene encodes a nitric oxide reductase, a nitric oxide-related protein, and a nitric oxide-producing protein.
