# An Assessment of Spectrum of Crude Endemic Pathogens Using Plasma/Species Sequencing
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Aspergillus fumigatus is a ubiquitous airborne microorganism that can cause life-threatening infections in humans. The antifungal effects of A. fumigatus have been extensively studied using in vitro and in vivo models. However, the actual in vivo growth and virulence ability of A. fumigatus and the extent to which A. fumigatus virulence is related to environmental factors are still enigmatic. A. fumigatus is a ubiquitous airborne microorganism that can cause disease in humans. The antifungal effects of A. fumigatus are characterized by disruption of normal myasthenia and macrophage cell death. A. fumigatus is also associated with biofilm formation, where it accumulates a large amount of soluble bioactive compounds. One of the important attributes of A. fumigatus that is associated with biofilm formation is its ability to induce oxidative stress. In this review, we will discuss the challenges inherent in allowing A. fumigatus to survive and replicate within the host and the mechanisms underlying the ability of A. fumigatus to modulate host oxidative stress.


## Introduction
Although there is a significant increase in invasive fungal infections in patients with hematological malignancies, the mortality associated with these infections is still high.1-3 The most common pathogenic fungi that cause fungal infections are Candida, Aspergillus, Cryptococcus, Histoplasma, and Pneumocystis. The emergence of resistant strains to antifungal agents has highlighted the need to develop new therapies for this emerging fungal disease.

Melanins are pigments formed by the oxidative polymerization of polysaccharides, mainly glycosaminoglycans. Melanins are highly reactive with oxygen to form singlet oxygen, which can react with oxygen-dependent peroxidases, which in turn can damage the cell membrane.4,5 The cellular antioxidant system is composed of the enzyme superoxide dismutase (SOD) and the polysaccharide oxidase (O1), which in turn oxidizes the free radicals to form reactive oxygen species.6 The SOD enzyme is able to scavenge free radicals, maintain cellular redox homeostasis, and maintain cellular redox homeostasis. In the presence of free radicals, the enzyme can convert them into oxygen radicals and oxygen radicals can be produced by the antioxidant system, contributing to the pathogenesis of fungal diseases.7,8

The SOD enzyme is composed of five subunits and the main function of the SOD enzyme is to produce ROS by converting the free radicals to oxygen radicals.9 The SOD enzyme is a membrane-bound enzyme that contains two catalytic subunits, denoted O1 and O2. The O1 subunit is essential for the production of ROS and O2 subunit is required for the synthesis of oxygen radicals.


## Methods
lutzii, a panel of human clinical isolates from different sources (.e. blood, urine, stool, and stool and urine) were selected for phylogenetic analysis. All the isolates were obtained from clinical samples. The strains were cultured on brain heart infusion (BHI) agar (Oxoid, UK) and incubated at 37°C for 48 h. Plates were examined under a dissecting microscope and the presence of any hyphae and/or large clumps was noted. The species names of the tested pathogens were presented in italic.

Fungal isolates were identified by sequence similarity using the NCBI database of the fungal species used in this study (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov) using the BLAST tool and were designated as Ascomycetes (alpha variable) in the MEGA7 package (http://www.megasoftware.net/).

Fungal isolates were also characterized by the PCR method using the primers of the following gene sequences: ß-tubulin (dT) primers (Supplementary Table S1) and ß-tubulin (dT-B) primers (Supplementary Table S2). The primers were designed with the Primer3 software (http://primer3.sourceforge.com/). The PCR products were analyzed by electrophoresis on 1% agarose gel. The samples were purified by the method described by Murad et al. [17]. The PCR products were purified using the EZ DNA Miniprep Kit (Zymo Research, USA) according to the manufacturer's instructions. The purified PCR products were then sent to the laboratory in Beijing for sequencing.

The endemic pathogen phenotypes were analyzed on the basis of the fungal isolates. The PCRs were performed in a 50 µl volume containing 1x PCR buffer, 1x Ex Taq Buffer, 2 mM MgCl_2, and 0.1 mM dNTPs, and 1X PCR buffer. The products were visualized on 1% agarose gel stained with GelRed (0.1%) and the PCR product was visualized by gel electrophoresis.


## Results
coli or . aureus species. Nevertheless, a new method is being developed to quantify the presence of these virulence factors in patients infected with bacterial pathogen. The eukaryotic virulence factor pool of the current screening system is expected to be the largest ever used for a species in E. coli and S. aureus. A typical human blood urea nitrogenase (HU) [25], and its production from the pyruvate/urine pathway of the pyruvate dehydrogenase (PDH) pathway [22], are two steps that allow the microbial pathogen to prime the proinflammatory cytokine production and the virulence factors to prime the virulence factor. The aim is to carry out a universal procedure for the production of proinflammatory cytokines in an eukaryotic host. The results of the current screening will be discussed in detail below.

In this study, a new method was developed for the production of proinflammatory cytokines in the yeast strain of B. anthracis. The eukaryotic virulence factor pool is expected to be the largest ever used for a species in E. coli and S. aureus. The results of the current screening system are presented in detail below.

The current screening system was used to identify the most virulent yeast strain in the current study. A total of 12 strains were selected from the present study, namely, B. anthracis CBS 5578, B. anthracis CBS 5585, B. anthracis CBS 5324 and B. anthracis CBS 5326, and two strains B. anthracis CBS 5578 and B. anthracis CBS 5585 were selected as the top positive producers in the current screening system. The selected strains were selected from the following criteria: strain was isolated from blood, culture was positive in a negative control, pathogen was isolated from a blood sample, and the yeast strain was isolated from blood.

The screening of the E. coli strains showed that the total number of strains (up to 3) was a good representation of the bacterial community, and was probably a good indicator of the virulence factor of the yeast strain. Therefore, the total number of strains was observed to be a good indication of the virulence factor of the yeast strain.


## Discussion

The sampling of Crude Endemic Pathogens from the oral cavity of HIV-infected children in this study confirmed that there was an increase in oral pathogens in the oral cavity of children with HIV-infected children, which was mainly due to the high incidence of oral pathogens among these childre. However, the main pathogenic agent of oral pathogens was Acanthamoeba, which is the main pathogen of the oral cavity of children with HIV-infected children. The results of this study are in line with a previous study showing that the oral pathogens of HIV-infected children were mainly due to C. tropicalis [32]. In this study, oral pathogens of C. tropicalis were the main pathogens among HIV-infected children. However, the pathogenic species of C. tropicalis, C. albicans, were less prevalent among HIV-infected children. This result is consistent with a previous study in which the clinical and environmental isolates of C. albicans were more prevalent among children with HIV-infected children [33].

The findings of this study were supported by previous studies, which showed that the incidence of C. albicans was increasing in HIV-infected children. This was consistent with previous studies showing that the incidence of C. albicans was increasing in HIV-infected children [33].

The incidence of C. neoformans was increased in children with HIV-infected children. This was in line with a previous study showing that the incidence of C. neoformans was increasing in HIV-infected children [33].

The incidence of Crude Endemic Pathogens (CrEPS) in HIV-infected children was significantly higher in children with HIV-infected children than in children without HIV-infected children. These results showed that HIV-infected children were more susceptible to the infection with Crude Endemic Pathogens (CrEPS) which could be explained by the high prevalence of HIV in children with HIV-infected children. This could explain the increased risk of HIV infection in children with HIV-infected children. In addition, the prevalence of Crude Endemic Pathogens (CrEPS) was significantly higher in children with HIV-infected children than in children without HIV-infected children. These results showed that HIV infection in children with HIV-infected children is associated with the development of the clinical and environmental isolates of C. neoformans.
