# An in vivo in vitro characterization of farnesyltransferase activity in Pseudomonas aeruginosa treated animals
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The ability of microorganisms to adapt to environmental challenges, such as temperature, nutritional conditions, stress conditions, and microenvironment, is a constant concern. In recent years, various research groups have developed various strategies to understand the interrelation between environmental factors and their beneficial effects on human health. The release of stress-related stress proteins, the formation of biofilms in infected tissues, and the impact of environmental factors on the development of biofilms have all been described and discussed. However, there is still much to learn about the factors that contribute to the development of biofilms and their effects on human health. In this article, we will review the various research groups that have studied the subject and discuss the potential of this knowledge to be helpful for the development of effective strategies to reduce human health risks associated with these biofilms.


## Introduction
Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection has emerged as a major risk factor for developing opportunistic infections, including bloodstream infections (BSIs), opportunistic infections of the skin, mucocutaneous and disseminated infections, and invasive fungal infections (IFIs) in patients with other immunodeficiencies.1-3 These infections are frequently nosocomial, involving patients with non-specific defects in hematological or bone marrow immunodeficiency and with AIDS-associated opportunistic infections (AIDS-IIs). Although the majority of these IIs are caused by non-tyrosine kinase (Syk) related pathogens, some non-tyrosine kinase (Ntk) related pathogens such as Cryptococcus neoformans and Candida albicans are becoming increasingly recognized as important pathogens in IFI, including candidiasis.4-7

Despite the well-known role of Ntk in IFIs, an understanding of the pathogenesis of these infections remains challenging. In addition, the fact that most Candida infections are not caused by Ntk is a result of the limited studies performed using infected patients from AIDS-related conditions. In these patients, a high incidence of Candida infections has been observed.4, 8, 9 Several studies have documented the occurrence of candidemia by Candida albicans in AIDS patients and other patients who are admitted to the ICU.10-12 Candida glabrata infections in patients with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL) have also been described, including in patients with HIV infection.11, 13, 14

The initial incidence of Candida infections is estimated to be between 1.5 and 3/million worldwide, and the mortality rate can reach 60% in patients with HIV infection.7, 12, 15 The overall incidence of Candida infections is estimated to be around 1.5/million.16, 17, 18 The annual cost for the WHO-recommended antifungal drug regimen is US$4.9 billion.19 The rate of mortality from Candida infections is well above that of non-Candida infections, with patients dying from either infection being more often from bacterial or fungal infections, or both.


## Methods
In vivo activity of farnesyltransferase activity in Pseudomonas aeruginosa treated animals was evaluated in three different experiments (in vivo, in vitro and in vivo. In vivo activity of farnesyltransferase activity in Pseudomonas aeruginosa treated animals was evaluated in three different experiments (in vivo, in vitro and in vivo). In vivo activity of farnesyltransferase activity in Pseudomonas aeruginosa treated animals was evaluated in three different experiments (in vivo, in vitro and in vivo). In vivo activity of farnesyltransferase activity in Pseudomonas aeruginosa treated animals was evaluated in three different experiments (in vivo, in vitro and in vivo). In vivo activity of farnesyltransferase activity in Pseudomonas aeruginosa treated animals was evaluated in three different experiments (in vivo, in vitro and in vivo). In vivo activity of farnesyltransferase activity in Pseudomonas aeruginosa treated animals was evaluated in three different experiments (in vivo, in vitro and in vivo). In vivo activity of farnesyltransferase activity in Pseudomonas aeruginosa treated animals was evaluated in three different experiments (in vivo, in vitro and in vivo). In vivo activity of farnesyltransferase activity in Pseudomonas aeruginosa treated animals was evaluated in three different experiments (in vivo, in vitro and in vivo). In vivo activity of farnesyltransferase activity in Pseudomonas aeruginosa treated animals was evaluated in three different experiments (in vivo, in vitro and in vivo). In vivo activity of farnesyltransferase activity in Pseudomonas aeruginosa treated animals was evaluated in three different experiments (in vivo, in vitro and in vivo). In vivo activity of farnesyltransferase activity in Pseudomonas aeruginosa treated animals was evaluated in three different experiments (in vivo, in vitro and in vivo). In vivo activity of farnesyltransferase activity in Pseudomonas aeruginosa treated animals was evaluated in three different experiments (in vivo, in vitro and in vivo).


## Results
The mutant Pma1<U+0394> bck1<U+0394>B was not able to grow on the yeast extract-based mediu. The mutant Pma1<U+0394>B did not show obvious growth defects in the presence of the FK506-resistant wild type strain, indicating that farnesyltransferase activity was not essential for in vivo activity. However, a recent study demonstrated that farnesyltransferase activity is induced by FK506-resistant and FKD-resistant isolates (24). Thus far, farnesyltransferase inhibitors are not thought to be necessary for in vivo activity in Pseudomonas aeruginosa (25).

In order to further investigate the functionality of farnesyltransferase activity in vivo, we used a mouse model of disseminated candidiasis to test the in vivo efficacy of farnesyltransferase inhibitors in disseminated candidiasis. In this model, we first examined the effect of farnesyltransferase inhibitors on the mice. In the mouse model, the drug-resistant Pma1<U+0394>bck1<U+0394>B (Pma1<U+0394>B) had no detectable growth defect in the presence of FK506 or to the control medium (Figure 4A). In the case of the FKD-resistant Pma1<U+0394>bck1<U+0394>B, the fungicidal effect of farnesyltransferase inhibitors was dose-dependently dependent (Figure 4B). The in vitro experiment demonstrated that the farnesyltransferase activity of the mutant Pma1<U+0394>bck1<U+0394>B was comparable to that of the wild type (Pma1<U+0394>B) in the mouse model. Therefore, farnesyltransferase inhibitors are not necessary for in vivo in vivo activity.


## Discussion
As demonstrated in vivo and in vitro, the . aeruginosa farnesol 4,4-trimethyl-1,2,4,5,6 was capable of causing biofilm formation and filarial infection in C. albicans and S. epidermidis treated mice. Treatment with farnesol 4,4-trimethyl-1,2,4,5,6 increased the exposure to S. aeruginosa, but reduced the sensitivity to S. epidermidis. Treatment with farnesol 4,4-trimethyl-1,2,4,5,6 did not reduce the biofilm formation of C. albicans. Our data show that farnesol 4,4-trimethyl-1,2,4,5,6 is capable of causing a significant reduction in the biofilm formation of C. albicans. Furthermore, treatment with farnesol 4,4-trimethyl-1,2,4,5,6 increased the exposure to S. aeruginosa. Taken together, these data show that farnesol 4,4-trimethyl-1,2,4,5,6 is a potent inhibitor of the biofilm formation of C. albicans.

The finding that farnesol 4,4-trimethyl-1,2,4,5,6 is capable of causing an increase in the biofilm formation of C. albicans is consistent with a previous study in S. epidermidis treated with a broad spectrum of farnesol [29]. In contrast, treatment with farnesol 4,4-trimethyl-1,2,4,5,6, or farnesol 4,4-trimethyl-1,2,4,5,6, did not show a significant difference in the biofilm formation of C. albicans or S. epidermidis.

In this study, we found that farnesol 4,4-trimethyl-1,2,4,5,6 is able to inhibit the growth of C. albicans and S. epidermidis. This finding suggests that the action of farnesol 4,4-trimethyl-1,2,4,5,6 may be related to the inhibition of C. albicans.
