# Annotation of Protein Domains Reveals Pathogens to Develop Barrier Walls around Phosphates-Mediated Phagocytosis of Candida albicans
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The filamentous fungus Sordaria fijiensis (SfM) is one of the major pathogens of wheat. It produces simple, robust hyphal filaments called sporangia. Although SfM sporangia are morphologically similar to budding or fully formed filaments, they differ in their developmental roles. In S. fijiensis, sporangia are divided into four different types named type I, type II, subtype III, and type IV. Type I consists of a single, spore-forming, rod-shaped ascomata with a terminal filament that separates into a cluster at 25°C. Type I is the most virulent, containing a mature, filamentous sporangia with an asci with type IV in place of the somatic fold. We previously reported that type I also produced hyphae, although the type I sporangia was sterile. Here we report that type I also produced hyphal filaments. Transcriptomic data indicated that the type I sporangia are essential for development and mycelial growth in S. fijiensis. The expression of the type I sporangia was induced in a transcriptional and structural model system in S. fijiensis, and our results indicate that our model system is reproducible and useful for understanding the function of sporangia in S. fijiensis.

The filamentous fungus Sordaria fijiensis is one of the major pathogens of wheat. The fungus is associated with diseases of wheat that affect important grain crops such as the head and nokami in cereolina (Frydteria), Olax kahai in Oryza, and peanut in peanut. Genetic analysis of SfM cells has shed light on the organization and function of its sporangia. In this study, we analyzed the function of sporangium and asci in S. fijiensis and found that, compared to other fungi, sporangium formation was associated with virulence, amelioration of disease symptoms in wheat, and enhanced fungal fitness. The type I sporangium, which was responsible for pathogenicity, was induced under the same conditions of growth and development as the type I sporangium.


## Introduction
 2007) and phosphate-dependent degradation of phosphate intermediates (Granet et a., 2015) and phosphate intermediates (Granet et al., 2015) as well as glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI-anchored) phosphate intermediates (Granet et al., 2015; Cornejo et al., 2015; Lengeler et al., 2015) and phospholipids (Granet et al., 2015) have been identified.

In addition, phospholipids are important in the host defense against bacterial pathogens. The most common fungal membrane phospholipid, phospholipase B1 (PBL1), is expressed by most pathogenic organisms and plays a central role in host defense against both aerobic and anaerobic bacteria (Powden et al., 2007; Fuller and Fuller, 2009; Fuller and Fuller, 2015; Pfeiffer and Fuller, 2016). In addition, phospholipids are also involved in the regulation of the process of commensalism (Dujon et al., 2015), commensalism between pathogens and plants (Fuchs and Balsaloumi, 2010), and commensalism between human and plant hosts (Majewski et al., 2002; Fuller and Fuller, 2009).

Protein phospholipids are unique among fungi and constitute an important factor that regulates their carbohydrate composition and activity (Vrijenhoek et al., 2010; Green and Green, 2015). Protein phospholipids are classically synthesized in the endoplasmic reticulum and are then processed into phospholipase B (Dujon et al., 2010; Green and Green, 2015). Protein phospholipids are highly expressed in response to microorganisms and are directly regulated by the action of the FK506 transporters (Dujon et al., 2010; Green and Green, 2015). These transporters can be activated by environmental stimuli, including nutrients, oxygen, temperature, phosphate, or growth factors (Cogoni and Gallagher, 2007; Schmitt and Gannon, 2007; Schmitt and Gannon, 2007; Whitelaw et al., 2012; Dujon et al., 2012; Bouffaud et al., 2013; Bouffaud and Gannon, 2015).


## Methods
albicans strain ATCC 19606), we infected Candida albicans cells with . albicans yeast cells by plating and incubating at 37°C for 24 h, followed by harvesting by centrifugation, and washing in PBS. The mycelium was harvested by filtration, washed with PBS, and snap frozen in liquid nitrogen. The resulting mycelium was crushed in liquid nitrogen with a mortar and pestle and stored at -20°C for subsequent DNA extraction. To investigate the virulence of Candida albicans, we used a 3/4 C. albicans strain (ATCC 19606) to infect P. brasiliensis yeast cells. P. brasiliensis was cultured in yeast extract peptone dextrose (YPD) broth (2% w/v, BD Biosciences, San Jose, CA, USA) at 37°C for 18 h, then collected by centrifugation and washed with PBS. The mycelium was harvested by filtration, and snap frozen in liquid nitrogen. The resulting mycelium was crushed in liquid nitrogen with a mortar and pestle and stored at -20°C for subsequent DNA extraction.

Transformation of Candida albicans into P. brasiliensis yeast cells
The transformation of P. brasiliensis yeast cells into P. brasiliensis yeast cells was performed as described previously [11], with some modifications. Briefly, P. brasiliensis yeast cells (1 × 10^6 cells/mL) were cultured at 37°C for 18 h in YPD broth. Then, the mycelium was harvested, washed with PBS, and snap frozen in liquid nitrogen. The resulting mycelium was crushed in liquid nitrogen with a mortar and pestle, and stored at -20°C for subsequent DNA extraction.

Quantification of virulence factors in Candida albicans
Candida albicans cells (1 × 10^6 cells/mL) were cultured at 37°C for 18 h in YPD broth. Then, the mycelium was harvested, washed with PBS, and snap frozen in liquid nitrogen. The resulting mycelium was crushed in liquid nitrogen with a mortar and pestle, and stored at -20°C for subsequent DNA extraction.

Pathogenicity analysis
P.


## Results
However, previous studies have shown that other factors, such as the fungal cell wall composition, have not been well characterized [31.

In order to identify pathogen-host interactions, we designed a gene replacement strategy to generate a candidate gene replacement in Candida albicans. Gene replacement was performed using a gene replacement strategy to generate a candidate gene replacement in Candida albicans using the DNA sequence of the C. albicans gene H99 [32]. The gene replacement strategy was then performed to generate a gene replacement mutant for each gene to test the ability of the gene to drive a successful gene replacement. In a previous study, the promoter region of the gene was disrupted to generate a homologous gene in Candida albicans [31]. In the C. albicans gene replacement strategy, the homologous gene was replaced by the gene in the C. albicans gene-deletion mutant, resulting in an RBD strain (Table S1). We then tested the ability of the RBD strain to overcome the barrier of fungal growth and colonization of human tissues by Candida albicans and confirmed that the RBD strain could colonize human tissues in a manner similar to that of the C. albicans gene-deletion mutant (Figure 6). The RBD strain showed comparable growth and colonization of human tissues with the C. albicans gene-deletion mutant and the RBD strain (Figure 6). The RBD strain did not exhibit any growth defects on the yeast-to-hyphal transition media, even though the RBD strain colonized human tissues (Figure 6). Taken together, our data demonstrate that the RBD strain colonizes human tissues in a manner similar to that of the C. albicans gene-deletion mutant.

We next tested the ability of the RBD strain to develop barrier walls around yeast-to-hyphal transition media. Using the DNA sequences of the primary and secondary transmembrane transporters, we constructed a strain to construct a deletion strain for the purposes of construction of a “C. albicans-RBD” strain. The C. albicans strain was constructed by following a procedure described previously [31], [32]. The C.


## Discussion
albicans, which contains a serotype-specific . albicans serotype-specific intron, and predicted the role of the two serotypes in phagocytosis of C. albicans. We identified five serotypes within the serotype A strain, as well as three additional serotypes in the serotype B strain, and found that the serotype A strain has the highest number of introns compared to the serotype B strain, which has the lowest. We also identified one serotype B strain, which has the lowest intron number, and one serotype C strain, which has the highest intron number, but not the second serotype.

A high number of genes encode genes that encode proteins with antimicrobial activity, such as the herpes simplex virus, chlamydia virus, and E. faecium sp. 1 (EbW) (S5 Fig). E. faecium strains are highly resistant to drugs and are often resistant to antifungal drugs, and some strains are more resistant than others to fluconazole (e.g., Escherichia coli) [14]. E. faecium strains are more susceptible than other strains to fluconazole and the more resistant the strain is to fluconazole, the more resistant it will be to fluconazole [15]. In our study, we used C. albicans serotype B strain, which has the lowest number of introns in the serotype A strain, but has the highest number of introns in the serotype B strain, and the lowest intron number in the serotype C strain. Therefore, we also compared the number of introns in serotype A and serotype B strains. We found that the number of introns in serotype A strain is smaller than that in serotype B strain. The lowest number of introns in serotype B strain was 3.1 (Table 1). The lowest number of introns in serotype A strain was 12.2 (Table 1). The highest number of introns in serotype B strain was 14.6 (Table 1). The serotype B strain had the lowest number of introns in the gene expression (Figure 3B). The lowest number of introns in the serotype B strain was 12.5 (Table 1).
