# Antifungal Activity of Lauryl Betaine Against Fungal Pathogens Historically Known as Catalases
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Cryptococcal meningitis is a major cause of mortality in resource-limited regions of the world. The monothiocarbazole (MOT) cell death pathway plays a key role in cryptococcal pathogenesis, but the mechanism of MOT cell death in fungal infection remains unclear.

Cryptococcus neoformans is a ubiquitous fungal pathogen that is thought to be able to coordinate virulence with an inability of C. neoformans to develop new virulence factors. Because C. neoformans is found in all major plant hosts, we investigated the molecular mechanisms of the respective mechanism of MOT cell death in C. neoformans. We identified specific mutations in the key regulator of the kinases and transcription factors necessary for kinase-9 activation and the transcription factor auxin production in C. neoformans under the influence of MOT cell death mutant CgD1. We found that CgD1-knockout strains were unable to induce autophagy and could not be used as a model to assess host-pathogen interactions. In addition, we found that CgD1-knockout strains were unable to induce the expression of the virulence factors Fonsecaea oxifera and Burkholderia cepacia. These results suggest that the different mechanisms of MOT cell death may be redundant in fungal pathogens and contribute to their pathogenesis.


## Introduction
Catalase activities are associated with the phospholipase and aryl-nucleotide phospholipases [11,12,13. Catalase activity is responsible for catalyzing the cleavage of ß-propenyl moieties on C-C bonds to form pyomelanin, the polymer of proline. Pyroomelanin is a polymer of N-acetyl- and D-propenyl moieties and is recognized as a structural end product of pyomelanin polymerization [14,15]. Pyroomelanin is an essential component of the cell wall of fungal phytopathogens, including Candida albicans and Cryptococcus neoformans [16,17]. The pyomelanin has been implicated as a possible cell wall-targeting molecule for antimicrobial agents, such as echinocandins and flucytosine [18]. In addition, pyomelanin is a polymer of N-acetyl- and N-glycosylated moieties [19]. Pyroomelanin is an essential component of the cell wall and has been implicated as a target for antimicrobial agents, such as caspofungin [20,21]. C. albicans is known as a colonizer of the human body and is responsible for ~70% of fungal invasive infections [22]. Pyroomelanin is a substrate of C. albicans that can interfere with phagocytosis, biofilm formation, invasion, and biofilm formation by inhibiting the formation of biofilms [23,24,25,26,27,28]. C. albicans is also known as an opportunistic fungal pathogen, causing a spectrum of diseases ranging from superficial infections to life-threatening systemic infections [29]. C. albicans is also known as a common opportunistic fungal pathogen, and it is responsible for over 400,000 deaths annually [30,31].

Although the molecular mechanisms of action of pyomelanin are not fully understood, several examples have been proposed, and include interactions with other phytopathogens and other cell surface constituents [32,33,34,35].


## Methods
Fungal pathogens are often highly variable and will likely vary in the length and structure of the subunit of the ribosomal DNA operon [11. They are commonly present in the genome of fungi due to the different structure and size of the target gene operon [11, 17]. The distribution of these fungi within fungi is complex and varied [17, 18]. It is important to note that the main component of the fungal pathogen is the fungal internal transcribed spacer (ITS) region [19]. The fungal ITS region is an intergenic region (approximately 1.5 kb) for bacteria and fungi [22, 23]. The presence of bacterial and fungal species in Fungi is often accompanied by a wide diversity of taxonomic groups and species [23]. The ITS region is important for the identification of fungi and is one of the most important markers of fungi in the world [24]. It is also a good source of biochemical and physiological data, as it facilitates the identification and characterization of fungi in general [25, 26]. The presence of fungal strains in fungi can also be attributed to their presence in their cell walls. In particular, the presence of C. albicans, C. glabrata, and C. krusei represents the most common and frequently encountered fungal strains in our laboratory [27, 28]. It is also good to note that fungi are often present in fungi and this is often the case in the study of the fungal pathogen Candida albicans. Most recently, there have been a series of studies to demonstrate that C. albicans, C. glabrata, and C. krusei have been shown to be present in the bloodstream of the patients with proven and probable Fungal Pathogeniasis [29, 30, 31, 32, 33]. The presence of C. albicans, C. glabrata, and C. krusei in Fungal Pathogens in Patients With Nodulariasis is usually considered to be a sign of Fungal Pathogeniasis [34, 35]. Fungal pathogenicity can be observed in the presence of Candida albicans, C. glabrata, and C. krusei. For example, in a recent study, Candida albicans, C. glabrata, and C.


## Results
As shown in Table 3, lauroyl betaine (.24 µg/mL) inhibited the growth of the mycelium, hyphal growth of the conidiophores, and all the mycelium grew in the presence of the antimicrobial agent, as shown in Figure 2. The mycelium of the genus Botrytis was highly susceptible to the lauroyl betaine, but the mycelium of the genus Botrytis was highly resistant to lauroyl betaine, and the mycelium of the genus Botrytis was highly resistant to the antimicrobial agent. In contrast, the mycelium of the genus Botrytis was highly resistant to the antimicrobial agent (Figure 2). These data indicate that lauroyl betaine could be a promising antifungal agent against Botrytis and fungi of the genus Botrytis.

Lauroyl Betaine Performed Its Antifungal Activity in a Murine Model
We used an established murine model of fungal infection in order to investigate the antifungal activity of lauroyl betaine. A murine model of infection was established by using murine inhalation models of cryptococcal infection. The models included a mouse inhalation model, a rat model, and a mouse model of cryptococcal infection. The model was either the mouse model of cryptococcal infection, or a mouse model of respiratory infection. The mice were sacrificed after a 30-day period of immunosuppression, and the kidneys were harvested after one month of immunosuppression. After three weeks, all the kidneys from the mice were normal, the kidneys were normal, and the lungs were normal. The kidneys from the mice had a normal morphology and did not show signs of inflammation (Figure 3). These data indicate that lauroyl betaine had a fungicidal activity against Cryptococcus.

The Effect of Lauroyl Betaine on the Membrane Proteome of Mice
In order to evaluate the effect of lauroyl betaine on the membrane proteins of M.


## Discussion
In this study, we identified a second alkyl betaine as a fungicide in Pseudomonas aeruginos. Pseudomonas aeruginosa has a wide range of alkyl betaine classes, and since betaine is a natural compound, it has been considered the druggable agent for the treatment of pathogens. The enzymes involved in the alkyl betaine biosynthesis are part of the alkyl-l-tRNA synthetase gene family, which is present in many species of eukaryotes and archaea (Santos et al. 2011). This family is also found in ascomycetes, as well as in other classes of fungi, including endophytes, mycorrhizal fungi, and even saprophytes (Kannaiyan et al. 2013). As the order Hypocreaceae is mainly dominated by fungi, it is of interest to study the ability of this family to inhibit plant pathogens.

In our previous studies, we demonstrated that the phytochemical analysis of alkyl betaine extracts of Pseudomonas aeruginosa was correlated with the fungal pathogenicity and resistance to antifungal drugs (Oes et al. 2014). In this study, the extracts of Pseudomonas aeruginosa showed high concentrations of betaine, suggesting that betaine is a promising candidate for the treatment of fungal infections caused by P. aeruginosa.

Although the dosage of betaine is important for antifungal activity, it has been reported that betaine can be used as an antifungal agent against non-pathogenic fungi, including Aspergillus fumigatus (Kullberg et al. 2005), Cryptococcus neoformans (Santos et al. 2011), and Aspergillus niger (Kullberg et al. 2005). However, in this study, the betaine concentration used was in the range of 400 to 1,200 µg/mL. The results suggested that the betaine concentration used in this study was the best concentration for the treatment of P. aeruginosa-induced fungal infections.
