# Antibiotic Resistance of Microbes Against Terrestrial Organisms
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
We have previously observed that a phytopathogenic fungus, Lomentospora prolificans, which has been associated with wine fermentation, is sensitive to L. prolificans. In this study, we investigated the L. prolificans response when exposed to various stresses in cold-enriched medium. Initially, the fungus was also challenged with four stresses simultaneously, initially without apparent symptoms, after twenty days of exposure to 3.0 L NaCl and subsequently with two stresses, initially with 5.0 NaCl and later with 3.5 NaCl. The response was inhibited in three-stress tolerant conditions, including 3.5 L NaCl and 3.5 L KH2PO4, suggesting that L. prolificans senses high-temperature (37 °C) and low-temperature (37 °C), and responds accordingly.


## Introduction
The use of antibiotics has been increasing since the 1980s and has become an ever-increasing problem for medicine and food industr. The main sources are plant, animal and microbial sources (Table 1). Plant-derived antimicrobial substances are formed by the antagonistic interaction of microbial species with their host plant. Thus, microbial species are involved in the formation of plant-derived compounds and hence, they can act as an effective source of the most effective antimicrobial substances. These substances are mainly divided into several types: antimicrobial peptides (AMPs), which are structurally diverse and possess a wide spectrum of bioactivity, including antibiotic resistance, antitumor activity, antiviral activity, anti-inflammatory and anti-inflammatory activities, and anti-inflammatory and antihypertensive substances (Table 1). The bacterial species involved in the bioactive substances are Gram-positive bacteria (Gib), Gram-negative bacteria (Gnb), and the acid-fast bacteria (AF) [2,3,4,5]. AFBs are members of the bacterial genus Acinetobacter, and are classified as the most resistant bacteria to Gram-negative bacteria. These bacteria are responsible for various infections in the human body. The current generation of antibiotics (e.g., van B12, penicillin, ampicillin, etc.) are often encountered in the hospital setting. The rate of bacterial infections in hospital-acquired infections in the hospital ward is around 10-15% [6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13]. The rate of antibiotic resistance in the hospital setting is high, and in these cases, resistance is still a major problem [14,15,16,17,18]. In order to control and eradicate bacterial infections, there is an increasing need to discover new and potent antibiotics. Many attempts have been made over the past few years to discover and to develop new antibacterial and antifungal agents. However, most of these efforts have focused on the synthesis of new antibiotics and are expensive and may lead to the development of resistance to the existing antibiotics. In this sense, the development of novel antibiotics and antifungals is a continuous mission that will require significant investment and time. The goal of this review is to provide an update on recent developments in the field of antimicrobial therapy.


## Methods
The bacterial and fungal concentrations were evaluated with a soil test kit (Anti-Bacterial Agents and Antibiotics, World Health Organization, 2012. The test agent A. cinerea was used as positive control. The test agent (A. cinerea) was dissolved in sterile water (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA). The test agent (A. cinerea) was dissolved in diethyl ether (Difco Laboratories, Detroit, USA) and diluted 1:1000 in sterile water. The test agent (A. cinerea) was dissolved in 0.1% (v/v) chloramphenicol (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA) and diluted 1:10 in sterile water. The test agent (A. cinerea) was dissolved in distilled water (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA) and diluted 1:2000 in sterile water.

The antimicrobial susceptibility of the tested microorganisms against the tested soil pathogens was evaluated by the broth dilution method. The test agent was used as the positive control. The test agent (A. cinerea) was dissolved in dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO) and diluted 1:10 in sterile water. The test agent (A. cinerea) was dissolved in water (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA) and diluted 1:10 in sterile water. The test agent (A. cinerea) was dissolved in distilled water (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA) and diluted 1:10 in sterile water. The test agent (A. cinerea) was dissolved in distilled water (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA) and diluted 1:10 in sterile water.

The antimicrobial resistance of the tested microorganisms against the tested soil pathogens was evaluated by the broth microdilution method. The test agent (A. cinerea) was used as the positive control. The test agent (A. cinerea) was dissolved in dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO) and diluted 1:10 in sterile water. The test agent (A.


## Results
Fungal diversity and number of fungal species
A total of 769,824 sequences were obtained. The final sequencing coverage of the ITS region was 86,616. The average number of fungal species per sample was 6,944, which represented a total of 3,053,000 fungal species with a minimum of 1,388 OTUs.


## Discussion
Some of these microbe virulence determinants include:

Antibacterial resistance genes (AUSs)

Infection-associated resistance genes (AUSs) are often expressed in bacteria and are well known to be involved in bacterial virulenc. The first generation of AUSs is known to be critical for resistance to many antibiotics, including amphotericin B and ampicillin [23]. In the present study, we investigated whether the AUSs could be expressed in bacteria against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. Our results showed that the expression levels of AUSs were highly upregulated by ampicillin and to a lesser extent ampicillin, the corresponding antibiotic resistance genes were upregulated by aminoglycosides. Furthermore, we found that the AUSs are involved in the modulation of genes involved in membrane trafficking, including those encoding the major facilitator superfamily protein (MFSP) (M0201) and the CDR1-like serine-threonine protein (M0201) [24]. These two MFSPs are known to interact with several proteins in the plasma membrane of the immune cells, and are involved in the regulation of the multidrug resistance genes (M0201) and the multidrug resistance gene (M0202) [24].

The ability of antimicrobial resistance genes (AUSs) to regulate their expression and functions is often under the control of a set of regulators, which may be induced by the bacterium. AUSs may be critical for the development of antimicrobial resistance genes in bacteria. In addition, our results showed that the AUSs are involved in the regulation of genes involved in the cell wall, which might be related to the cell wall homeostasis of bacteria and their ability to form biofilm. We hypothesized that AUSs might be involved in the control of cell wall homeostasis and virulence.

The genes encoding proteins involved in cell wall homeostasis and biofilm formation were upregulated by aminoglycosides and were regulated by aminogalactone. The genes encoding the three major cell wall-related protein-encoding genes (MFSPs) (M0202, M0201) were upregulated by aminoglycosides, and their expression was downregulated by aminogalactone.
