# Antifungal Activity of Extracts from Rhizomes and Dothideomycetes Extracts
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The genetic diversity of the Rhizopus species was assessed based on sequencing of the internal transcribed spacer (ITS) region and the large subunit (LSU) rDNA. Systematic compositions were determined based on the phylogenetic relationships outlined in the bibliography. A total of 3,382,601 reads were obtained from the R. texariaceae genotype, of which 1,299 were assigned to ITS and 1,337 were assigned to LSU. Phylogenetic analyses were carried out on the combined dataset consisting of 3,932 sequences. Of these, 534,922 (68.7%) and 452,822 (7.2%) sequences were conserved between the three Rhizospheres, respectively. The majority of the conserved genes were assigned to clusters or subcities, whereas the number of shared genes or families were significantly different (P > 0.05). The results for the species boundaries and shared genes show that the species boundaries were more similar across all the samples. These results suggest that the species boundaries and shared genes were more strongly related among the three Rhizospheres. Taken together, these results suggest that the Rhizopus species is an integrated integrated system, with many common molecular processes that can be integrated into its generic and functional genotypes.


## Introduction
Genetic abnormalities in the human microbiome have been associated with a wide range of clinical disorders, ranging from irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) to irritable bowel disease (IBS), as well as inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), including irritable bowel syndrome-IB (SjI) [1-3]. In SjI, an imbalance of gut microbiota, primarily of Firmicutes, is associated with irritable bowel syndrome (SBS) [4]. SjI is characterized by an imbalance of the microbiota of Firmicutes, with predominantly Proteobacteria and Archaea, and also Bacteroidetes and Bacteroidetes-dominated microflora.


## Methods
melanogaster extracts by SDS-PAGE analysi. SDS-PAGE analysis was performed to detect the presence of microorganisms (Lister and Wickham, 1998; Wickham and Wickham, 1997; Wickham and Wickham, 1997). The siderophore activity of each of the extracts was also tested. Briefly, the antibacterial activity of the extracts was determined by broth dilution assay (BAA) with the following modifications: 1. The antifungal activity of the extracts was determined by broth dilution assay with the following modifications: 1. The antifungal activity of the extracts was determined by the addition of 0.5% peptone and 1% glucose, respectively. 2. The antifungal activity of the extracts was determined by the addition of 0.5% trypan blue dye and 1% red crystal violet. 3. The antifungal activity of the extracts was determined by the addition of 1% of H_3PO_4. The siderophore activity of the extracts was also determined by the addition of 1% of H_3PO_4. 4. The antifungal activity of the extracts was determined by the addition of 0.5% of diethyl ether and 1% of propidium iodide. 5. The antifungal activity of the extracts was determined by the addition of 1% of DMSO. 6. The antifungal activity of the extracts was determined by the addition of 1% of acetic acid. 7. The antifungal activity of the extracts was determined by the addition of 0.05% of methylene blue. 8. The antifungal activity of the extracts was determined by the addition of 0.05% of vancomycin. 9. The antifungal activity of the extracts was determined by the addition of 0.05% of methylene blue. 10. The antifungal activity of the extracts was determined by the addition of 0.05% of vancomycin.

3.5. SDS-PAGE Analysis
The antifungal activity of the D. melanogaster extracts were analyzed by SDS-PAGE. Briefly, the antifungal activity of the extracts was determined by using the method of Tsai and Bullah (1985) with some modifications.


## Results
neoformans, Cryptococcus neoformans, and Candida albicans was evaluate. The MICs for Rhizome and Dothideomycetes extracts were determined using the 4-well plate reader. The MIC_50 of Rhizome and Dothideomycetes extracts were higher than the MIC values of other extracts tested (Table 2). As the MIC_50 values of the Rhizome and Dothideomycetes extracts were similar, it is possible that the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) of the Rhizome and Dothideomycetes extracts is higher than that of the other extracts. In addition, the MIC_50 values of the Rhizome and Dothideomycetes extracts were higher than the MIC_50 values of other extracts tested (Table 2).

Antifungal Activity of Extracts from Rhizomes and Dothideomycetes Extracts
The antifungal activity of the extracts from Rhizomes and Dothideomycetes from the three different host plants was assessed against the three different fungal species. The antifungal activity of the extracts from Rhizomes and Dothideomycetes from the three different host plants was evaluated using the microbroth dilution method. The MICs of Rhizome and Dothideomycetes extracts were determined using the 4-well plate reader, and the MIC_50 values of Rhizome and Dothideomycetes extracts were determined using the MIC_50 of the other extracts. As the MIC_50 values of Rhizome and Dothideomycetes extracts were higher than those of the other extracts, it is possible that the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) of the Rhizome and Dothideomycetes extracts is higher than that of the other extracts.

Antifungal Activity of Extracts from Rhizomes and Dothideomycetes Extracts
The antifungal activity of the extracts from Rhizomes and Dothideomycetes from the three different host plants was evaluated using the microbroth dilution method.


## Discussion
In this study, the extracts from rhizomes of the two species were analyzed in order to determine the fungal species associated with the. To the best of our knowledge, there is no report on the fungal species associated with rhizomes of Rhizomes. The rhizomes of Rhizomucor miehei and Rhizomucor officinalis have been shown to be related with fruits, which are usually associated with rhizomes [26]. In this study, the results indicated that the extracts of rhizomes of Dothideomycetes were associated with the fungi of Rhizomella (Cladosporium) and Alternaria (Raspergillus) families. These fungal genera are not found in the extracts from Rhizomes species. Rhizomucor miehei is a well-known species of fungal genus and can grow in the soil environment [27]. Alternaria is also known to be associated with rhizomes of Rhizomella sp. [28]. The extracts from Alternaria indica and Alternaria zonatum could be related with rhizomes of Rhizomes species. These extracts could be considered as potential antifungal compounds [29].

In this study, the results indicated that the extracts from the two species of Dothideomycetes showed an ability to inhibit the growth of Candida albicans, Cryptococcus neoformans, and Aspergillus fumigatus. These extracts showed an inhibitory activity against the pathogenic yeast, C. neoformans. The extracts of Dothideomycetes showed an antifungal activity against C. neoformans. It is worth mentioning that Candida species are known to be opportunistic human pathogens and a major cause of fungal infection in immunocompromised individuals [30].

In this study, the extracts of the Dothideomycetes could inhibit the growth of Candida albicans and Cryptococcus neoformans. These extracts could be considered as potential antifungal compounds [31].
