# Antimicrobial Compounds from Eukaryotic Microalgae: Focus on Pharmacological Potential and Antifungal Mechanisms
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Microbiology Today 19, novembre 2019, https://do.org/10.1007/s12eca-017-0895-4.

P.J. Bauer, T.J. Baroni, R.R. Baran, T.P. Brown, K. Nielsen, T.Y. Lee, L. Nielsen, A. Nielsen, T.Y. Lee, R.R. Baran, J. Rutherford, and S. Nielsen, edbts, Immunomodulatory activities of the Gram-positive and Gram-negative acyl-CoA synthetases from the Cryptococcus genus. Bioinformatic tools were used: 1) to search for all acyl-CoA synthetase sequences of the Bacillus subtilis, B.R. Bauer, T.J. Baroni, T.P. Brown, J. Rutherford, S. Nielsen, T.Y. Lee, L. Nielsen, A. Nielsen, T.P. Baran, and 2) to compare the most up-to-date list of the most frequently encountered acyl-CoA synthetase sequences in fungi.

Results: We obtained 19,393 bp sequences from the yeast Bacillus cereus and 28,524 sequences from the fungi C. parapsilosis and C.G. fistulae, and fungi were rare (13,829). Of the 13,829 bp sequences, 13,245 (27,902,18%) and 36,924,924 sequences were conserved between yeast and C.G. fistulae, respectively. The most conserved conserved sequence type was V in yeast (13,245 sequences), whereas the least conserved sequence type was V in C.G. fistulae (11,245 sequences). Among the sequences conserved between yeast and C.G. fistulae, 29% were assigned to Proteobacteria, 29% to Proteobacteria, and 20% to Actinobacteria. Of the sequences conserved between yeast and C.G. fistulae, 5% were assigned to Proteobacteria, 3% to Proteobacteria, and 2% to actinobacteria.

Results: The results of this study demonstrate that the dominant yeast species, the most abundant operon is Proteobacteria, while the least abundant operon is Actinobacteria.


## Introduction
The last three decades have witnessed the remarkable increase in the number of immunocompromised patients receiving bone marrow transplants and/or other immunosuppressive therapies, particularly those with HIV infection and transplant patients. These patients are at high risk of developing serious complications of transplant therapy [1-3]. Several of these complications involve the respiratory, central nervous, and central nervous system. While the overall incidence of respiratory and central nervous system complications has increased, the incidence of other complications, including respiratory and central nervous system complications, has decreased.


## Methods
Bacterial and fungal culture was carried out in Brain-Heart Infusion broth (Difco) (Merck, Darmstadt, Germany) at 28°C and 180 rpm for 24 . The bacterial and fungal cultures were suspended in phosphate-buffered saline (PBS) at 10^-5, 10^-6 and 10^-7 dilution and filtered through sterile filter paper (Whatman-McCluskey, Roskilde, Denmark) to obtain pure cultures.

The pure cultures were diluted with sterile PBS to obtain the desired concentration of 1 × 10^7 colony forming units (CFU) per mL, according to the previous method. The diluted culture was plated on SDA agar (200 g of SDA per 100 mL) and incubated at 37°C for 24-48 h.

For the quantification of antimicrobial activity, the pure cultures were diluted with sterile PBS to obtain the desired concentration of 1 × 10^4 CFU per mL, according to the previous method. The diluted culture was diluted with sterile PBS to obtain the desired concentration of 1 × 10^6 CFU per mL, according to the previous method. The diluted culture was centrifuged at 4000 g for 10 min at 4°C and the supernatant was discarded. The concentration of the antimicrobial compound that caused a 99.9% inhibition of growth of the pure culture was determined using the methods described in the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) (2008, 2012) [16]. The antimicrobial compound that caused a 99.9% inhibition of growth was further confirmed in the literature by the analysis of biofilm micro-organisms (ASM) using a previously described method [17].

For the quantification of antifungal activity, the pure cultures were diluted with sterile PBS to obtain the desired concentration of 1 × 10^4 CFU per mL, according to the previous method. The diluted culture was plated on SDA agar (200 g of SDA per 100 mL) and incubated at 37°C for 24 h.


## Results
coli, . albicans, and E. coli was investigated. The compounds were analyzed by using a microbroth dilution assay with the same chemical parameters as the standard microbroth dilution assay, and a compound was identified as having high activity against E. coli and C. albicans, with no activity against E. coli, C. albicans, and E. coli. The compounds were further tested against a variety of bacteria, including bacteria, fungi, and parasites (Figure 7). The activity of the phytochemical compounds against the Gram-positive bacteria was increased from 2 to 6 µg/ml, and from 1 to 1.5 µg/ml, with no activity against E. coli, C. albicans, and E. coli. The phytochemical compounds were further tested against the Gram-negative bacteria, including C. albicans, E. faecalis, C. albicans, E. faecalis, E. faecium, C. albicans, C. albicans, and E. faecalis. The phytochemical compounds were also tested against other bacteria, including C. albicans, C. albicans, C. albicans, and E. faecalis. The phytochemical compounds were also tested against other fungi, including Aspergillus, Aspergillus sp., Penicillium, Aspergillus sp., Aspergillus sp. sp., C. albicans, C. albicans, C. albicans, and A. fumigatus. The phytochemical compounds were also tested against the parasitic bacterial, including Aspergillus sp., P. aeruginosa, P. aeruginosa sp., P. aeruginosa sp., and P. aeruginosa sp. The phytochemical compounds were also tested against other fungi, including C. albicans, C. albicans, C. albicans, C. albicans, and A. fumigatus.

The phytochemical compounds were tested against other antibiotics, including penicillin, fludarabine, and cephalosporin.


## Discussion
However, the mechanistic basis of the antimicrobial compound interaction has been less studie. It has been shown that the most commonly studied mechanisms for the interaction between antimicrobial compounds are based on the formation of a hydrophobic (hydrophobic) group in the two hydrophobic molecules, and then the interaction is initiated by the formation of a hydrophobic (hydrophobic) group between the hydrophobic compound and the hydrophobic compound. It has been shown that the interaction between antibiotic and the hydrophobic compound is mediated by an ionic bond [54], which is subsequently bridged by a hydrophobic (hydrophobic) bond, and then the interaction is initiated by a hydrophobic (hydrophobic) ring [55]. The main mechanisms for the formation of the hydrophobic group in the hydrophobic compound are mediated by the formation of hydroxyl groups in the hydrophobic compound. The hydroxyl groups are formed by the addition of a hydroxyl group, followed by the addition of an acetic acid group. The addition of acetic acid is then followed by the addition of a hydroxyl group. A second mechanism for the formation of the hydrophobic group is mediated by the addition of a hydrophobic (hydrophobic) group between the hydrophobic compound and the hydrophobic compound. The addition of acetic acid is then followed by the addition of a hydrophobic (hydrophobic) group. A third mechanism is mediated by the addition of a hydrophobic (hydrophobic) group between the hydrophobic compound and the hydrophobic compound. The addition of a hydrophobic (hydrophobic) group between the hydrophobic compound and the hydrophobic compound. A fourth mechanism is mediated by the addition of a hydrophobic (hydrophobic) group between the hydrophobic compound and the hydrophobic compound. The addition of acetic acid is then followed by the addition of a hydrophobic (hydrophobic) group. These last three mechanisms for the formation of the hydrophobic group are mediated by acetic acid and acetic acid/hydrophobic interactions.
