# Assessment of the safety and efficacy of lamivudine on cutaneous Cryptococcus neoformans in a murine model of infection caused by Mycococcus rhoeamicus
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The fission yeast Schizosaccharomyces pombe can undergo both a ß-carbonic anhydrase (AßCA) and a ß-glucosidase-activating enzyme (AglA) reaction during budding growth. This process requires the activation of two enzymes: the ßCA, an end-product of ßCA production, and the ßCA-GlyP, a novel enzyme that shares amino acid moieties with ßCA. The glucoamylases encoded by the S. pombe genome are a unique and ecologically important group of enzymes that catalyze the conversion of ßCA to ßGlyP. The S. pombe genome contains 18 putative ßCA genes and 11 of these belong to the ßCA gene cluster. Analysis of putative ßCA genes from other fungal species showed that they are conserved between continents, with S. pombe found to be from South America and Africa with two putative deletion strains that would respectively result in the same phenotype. The putative deletion strains were found in two different genomes and the genotypes were not conserved. The deletion strains of each deletion strain were more like the wild type phenotype than other strains. The putative ßCA gene cluster was expressed in ßCalcA, a Saccharomyces molecular strain in which to examine its role in sexual development. Analysis of putative ßCA genes from other fungal species showed that they are conserved between continents and this was confirmed by sequencing analysis of the nuclear ribosomal DNA.


## Introduction
Malaria is a devastating disease of humans and animals caused by the zoonotic presence of the parasite inside the host. This parasite is not only transmitted by the bite of an insect, but also by the release of its highly virulent host cells. The parasite resides inside the mammalian host and as a consequence of the infection, the host becomes infected with a yeast form called a Plasmodium. This life-threatening infection results in >200,000 deaths each year in humans and animals (1). Due to the zoonotic nature of this parasitic form, there is a need for more effective and effective treatment of the disease. The development of new drugs is a major challenge in the treatment of the disease caused by Plasmodium. For example, new triazoles, such as itraconazole and voriconazole, have been developed which kill the yeast form of the drug while continuing to do so. These anti-parasitic agents may have many advantages over the older drugs such as amphotericin B (2) and itraconazole (3). The emergence of new antimalarial drugs and their use in combination with existing antimalarial drugs are new challenges in the field of malaria control.

The fungal cell wall has been a major target of drug discovery. This is because it is essential for the survival and functioning of the host. Therefore, the fungus has evolved mechanisms to survive within the host and be able to respond to drug pressure (4). There are three main types of fungal cell walls, a, ß and <U+03B3>. These are well described as a- and ß cell walls, respectively. A- and <U+03B3> cell walls are comprised of a- and ß chains (5). ß- and ß-cell walls are composed of a- and ß chains. The <U+03B3>- and <U+03B6>-cell walls are based on the c- and ß- chains (4). The C- and <U+03B7>-cell wall are comprised of ß- and <U+03B8> chains.

This review aims to discuss the role of the C- and <U+03B7>-cell walls in the life cycle and virulence of Plasmodium.


## Methods
The thiobarbituric acid was added to the brain-derived jugular vein (BJFV) 24 hours before the primary inoculum of Cryptococcus neoformans (2 × 10^7 CFU/mL) was inoculated into the bDCM, and the spleen, heart, liver, kidney and spleen were harvested on day 0, 3, 6 and 10 days after the inoculation, and the cells were counted and diluted in RPMI-1640 medium (Sigma-Aldrich) to obtain viable cells/m. The selected fungicidal antifungal agents were the stock solutions were in milliM, and a final concentration of 0.25% (w/v) in methanol was used as a sterility control. The resulting dilutions of antifungal agents were serially diluted, and the numbers of colony forming units (CFU) were counted.

The amount of L-DOPA of the thiobarbituric acid was estimated by the amount of L-DOPA per gram of tissue (L-DOPA: l-DOPA = l-DOPA/g tissue). The fractional inhibitory concentration (FIC) was calculated as the ratio between the amount of L-DOPA used and the amount of L-DOPA used per gram of tissue.

The efficacy of the antifungal agents against the systemic Candida species in a murine model of cryptococcosis was evaluated by serial dilution of the tested agents on 10 days after the inoculation. The thiobarbituric acid (0.25% in methanol) was used as a control for the use of the tested agents. The tests were performed in duplicate in duplicate, and the results were expressed as the mean ± SEM.

The assay was performed as described previously [16]. Briefly, the antifungal agents were prepared by serial dilutions in RPMI-1640 medium (Sigma-Aldrich) with 1% FBS, 0.25% NaCl, 0.5% KCl, 0.01% (v/v) DTT, 0.01% (v/v) Tween 20, and 0.1% (v/v) Glutamax. The antifungal agents were serially diluted, and the results were expressed as the mean ± SEM.


## Results
. Listeria Species in Water
The number of Listeria species in the sources of water is shown in Table 2. The most common species in the sources of water were: Diaporthe oleander (4,469 species), Leptosphaeria brenneri (1,714 species), Saccharomyces cerevisiae (1,535 species), Trichosporon marneffei (1,331 species), Chloridium bacillisporum (1,393 species), Aspergillus fumigatus (1,438 species), and Caloplaca glabrum (1,355 species). The most common species in the sources of water were: Phoma sp. (1,854 species), Diaporthe oleander (1,499 species), Saccharomyces cerevisiae (1,731 species), Trichosporon marneffei (1,784 species), P. glabrum (1,748 species), P. oleander (1,929 species), Chloridium bacillisporum (1,945 species), Aspergillus fumigatus (1,937 species), and Caloplaca glabrum (1,744 species). The most common species in the sources of water were: Phoma sp. (1,352 species), Diaporthe oleander (1,918 species), Saccharomyces cerevisiae (1,818 species), Trichosporon marneffei (1,898 species), P. glabrum (1,860 species), Aspergillus fumigatus (1,722 species), P.


## Discussion
The search for essential oils, especially virgin cultivars, provides a valuable source of essential oils, although there are many factors that contribute to the quality of essential oils such as storage, storage conditions and storage practices. As a result, different researchers have sought to evaluate the plant essential oil in isolation from the plant essential oil. Thus, we conducted a comparative analysis of the three types of plant essential oil, using a mixture of 12 essential oils (10 of which are derived from the three essential oils).

The results revealed that the essential oil of S. rubescens has more than 90% (g/g) of the essential oil of S. versisporus. The essential oil of S. rubescens was found to contain 90% (g/g) of the essential oil of S. versisporus. The essential oil of S. kirkhollenii (52%) is one of the most common essential oils from S. rubescens. This essential oil is present in some S. rubescens strains (S. kirkhollenii, S. orthosporum, S. versisporum and S. luteus) but the essential oil of S. rubescens is the main component. The essential oil of S. rubescens has a high content of flavanols, including flavanols of the stilbenes (vinicols) [28,29] and flavanols of the xanthols [30]. Some plant species, such as Stilbospora alba, Eucalyptus zeae and Puccinia russaudiana, also contain flavanols [30]. The essential oil of S. rubescens was found to be rich in flavanols [30,31]. The essential oil of S. rubescens contained a large amount of stilbenes, and the stilbenes of Stilbospora were present in high amounts in this essential oil. The essential oil of S. rubescens contained the flavanols of the stilbenes [32]. Flavanols are important in the production of essential oils, and flavanols are the main compounds in plant essential oils [32]. In the study of the essential oil of S. rubescens, the essential oil of S. rubescens contained a significant amount of flavanols [33].
