# Biodegradation of Mycotoxins: More Than Expected
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
[.J.F. Bauer & Co., Ltd.,] 2017.

Nucleophiles (HIV-associated) or ex vivo mycotoxins (HIV- EVD - mycotoxins) are mycotoxins that are produced as a result of the enzymatic degradation of various fatty acids, mainly polyunsaturated fatty acids (FTAF). Human fungal and bacterial mycotoxins are also mycotoxins that are associated with important biological processes, such as the production of antimicrobial compounds, the maintenance of immunopathogenic properties and the proliferation of pathogenic microorganisms. These different mycotoxins are known as active (isolated) cells that are able to directly or indirectly form (isolated) mycotoxins from their host. Ex vivo mycotoxins are produced in mycelia or in the gut, in mycotoxins produced in the spleen, spleen, liver and kidney, and in mycotoxins produced in the mycoparasitic fungi. Several mycotoxins can be initiated in the mycelium to form active mycotoxins, which are responsible for their ability to inhibit the growth of different fungi. The main factors that affect the formation of fungal mycotoxins are the production of different fatty acids, the production of secreted enzymes, and the generation of mycotoxins that are translated as mycotoxins. In this review, we first briefly describe the different mycotoxins that are involved in the formation of mycotoxins. Then, we discuss their differences and significance in the generation of mycotoxins that are classified into mycotoxins that are classified into mycotoxins that are produced in a mycotoxin factory, and mycotoxins that are produced in a mycotoxin environment. Finally, we focus on the importance of screening mycotoxins that are produced in the mycotoxin environment before the fungus colonizes the mycotoxin environment, to identify genes and to identify a new generation of mycotoxins that are involved in the generation of active mycotoxins. All these efforts are directed at understanding the complexity of the microbial response to different environmental changes, as well as the mechanisms that mycotoxins can undergo to become active.


## Introduction
Macrophages are the major circulating cells of the body, and play an important role in the body's immunity against pathogens. They promote and activate immune responses through the cytokines and inducible nitric oxide synthase (NOS) genes, which are important for the immune response against pathogens (Owens et al., 2017). The interaction of macrophages with their pathogens is crucial for their control and clearance from the host. In order to control the infection, macrophages use various immunomodulatory mechanisms to promote the activation of the immune system (Noyes and Klionsky, 2015).

The innate immune system is comprised of cells that are activated by phagocytosis. The phagocytic system is activated by macrophage phagocytic cells and the phagolysosome is activated by macrophage and macrophage-specific mace T lymphocytes (Mesore and Kullberg, 2015). Macrophage phagocytic cells are mainly activated by Toll-like receptors (TLR) and C-type lectin receptors (CLRs) (Garcia-Zacarreto and dos Reis, 2015). The presence of CLRs in macrophage has been linked to the activation of the immune system. The receptors are expressed by phagocytes and are induced by Th1- and Th2-driven cytokines (Khan et al., 2013; Li et al., 2013; Raza et al., 2015). These receptors mediate recognition of various pathogens and are important for the recognition and clearance of the pathogens. In turn, CLRs can signal the host innate immune system (i.e., neutrophils, monocytes, and macrophages) and trigger the activation of the immunoglobulin-like receptors (IgR). The immunoglobulin-like receptors are expressed by phagocytes and are induced by Th1- and Th2-driven cytokines (Khan et al., 2013; Li et al., 2013).


## Methods
Briefly, a solution of .1 M sodium phosphate, pH 7.4 was added to the culture supernatant and mixed with 0.1 M sodium phosphate, pH 7.4. The mixture was incubated for 30 min at 25°C, and the absorbance at 280 nm was measured. The mycotoxins in the reaction mixture were identified as peroxidase (p-N), catalase (p-C), and chitinase (p-I). Chitinase (p-H) was detected by hydrolysis of 1% w/v of 3-amino-2-phenyl-2-indole (4:3, v/v) (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA) and oxidation of 1% w/v of 3-amino-2-phenyl-2-indole (4:3, v/v) (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA). Chitinase (p-I) was detected by hydrolysis of 1% w/v of 3-amino-2-phenyl-2-indole (4:3, v/v) (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA) and oxidation of 1% w/v of 3-amino-2-phenyl-2-indole (4:3, v/v) (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA). The reaction mixture was subjected to centrifugation (4°C, 10 min, 4°C), and the supernatant was removed and the pellets were washed with 20 mM Tris-HCl, pH 8.0, 0.01 M sodium phosphate, 1 mM EDTA, and 0.1% w/v Triton X-100. The precipitated protein was dissolved in 10 mM phosphate buffer, pH 7.4, containing 0.1% w/v SDS, and subjected to SDS-PAGE and western blot analysis.


## Results
larici-populina and . cerevisiae for plant pathogenicity identified a total of 11,532 protein-encoding genes. The core set of genes involved in plant cell wall degradation, biosynthesis of amino acids, lipid metabolism, biosynthesis of energy, and signaling pathways was represented by 4,912 genes. The number of protein-encoding genes increased from 1,725 in M. larici-populina to 3,932 in S. cerevisiae (Table 2). In contrast, only 4,384 and 5,934 of the 5,872 genes encoding proteins in S. cerevisiae were represented in the S. cerevisiae core set, respectively. The overall number of genes in the S. cerevisiae core set was consistent with previous studies showing that many of the genes in the core set are involved in plant pathogenicity [37]. In the S. cerevisiae core set, we identified a total of 1,479 genes encoding proteins in both M. larici-populina and S. cerevisiae. Of the 1,479 genes, we found 6,285 and 3,947 in M. larici-populina and S. cerevisiae, respectively. The number of genes in S. cerevisiae and S. cerevisiae core sets was similar.

Protein-AID-Dependent Pathway Analysis of the S. cerevisiae Core Set
We further identified protein-protein interaction (PAMK) pathway analysis of the M. larici-populina core set. PAMK pathway analysis of the S. cerevisiae core set showed that the genes encoding enzymes involved in the glyoxylate cycle, glyoxylate cycle, and the peroxisomal metabolic pathway were significantly enriched in the M. larici-populina core set. In contrast, the genes encoding proteins involved in the other pathways were more abundant in the M. larici-populina core set. In addition, the M. larici-populina core set also showed the highest number of genes in the glyoxylate cycle (Table 3). The abundance of genes encoding enzymes involved in the glyoxylate cycle in M. larici-populina was also highest in the glyoxylate cycle in the core set of M. larici-populina.


## Discussion
albicans, . subtilis, C. parapsilosis and C. albicans, and the biosynthetic gene cluster of M. oryzae and S. cerevisiae (https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/YALE/) are presented in Tables 1 and 2.

The identified genes were compared to the gene clusters of the M. oryzae and S. cerevisiae genes to evaluate their differences in the roles of the two classes of enzymes. The analysis of the average gene expression levels of the identified gene clusters showed that the genes involved in the degradation of fungal cell wall components, such as ß-1,6-glucan and glucan, showed higher expression in the M. oryzae gene cluster than those involved in the biosynthesis of cell wall components, such as chitin and glucan. The same pattern was observed in the S. cerevisiae gene cluster, where the genes involved in the degradation of chitin showed higher gene expression in the M. oryzae gene cluster than those involved in the biosynthesis of cell wall components, such as chitin and glucan. The expression levels of the genes involved in the degradation of fungal cell wall components were also significantly different. The highest gene expression level of the S. cerevisiae gene cluster (45.7%) was observed in the M. oryzae gene cluster, whereas the lowest gene expression level of the S. cerevisiae gene cluster was found in C. albicans (27.4%) [28].

In addition, we also compared the gene expression levels of the genes involved in the biosynthesis of chitin and glucan, as well as of cell wall components and related proteins. The genes involved in the biosynthesis of cell wall components and related proteins showed higher expression in the M.
