# C-Type Lectin Receptors in Asthma
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The fungal pathogen Cryptococcus gattii is able to switch between three distinct forms: the simple to the complex yeast forms that are dimorphic and filamentous, the dimorphic forms that have membranous cells and the complex and filamentous forms that have a heterogeneous cell and lack these characteristics. The yeast forms are generally associated with high virulence, and the filamentous forms are associated with low virulence. Here we investigate the correlation between the morphological changes and the mode of differentiation of the cryptococcal lineages. We provide the first evidence for the existence of a unique morphological switch in the central nervous system (CNS) in a cryptococcal strain that can simultaneously switch between yeast and filamentous forms. Our results suggest that the fungus in the murine cryptococcal infection model has evolved mechanisms to regulate morphological forms and trigger a specific adaptation process to the cryptococcal lifestyle.

Cryptococcus gattii is a fungal pathogen that causes life-threatening infections in immunocompromised individuals. In a mouse model of cryptococcosis, we have previously shown that a switch from yeast to filamentous forms is required for survival in the host. In this study, we used a novel C. gattii strain, JEC21, to demonstrate the specificity of cryptococcal virulence regulation. The strain detected a unique adaptation process in the Cryptococcus gattii myeloid lineage, which is distinct from the model lineages in that the capsule and melanin are the two major morphological characters that differentiate Cryptococcus from the human pathogen Cryptococcus neoformans. The switch from yeast to filamentous forms occurred independently in two different strains, and the myeloid lineage strain JEC21 contained a single copy of the genes encoding these genes in addition to a known number of myeloid lineage strains. These data suggest that the myeloid lineage in general, while not having any particular characteristic, does have a unique ability to distinguish between Cryptococcus and the Cryptococcus-specific myeloid cells of this lineage.


## Introduction
(1) The anterior chamber (ABP) and the upper chamber (BPP) are the most frequently reported sites (3. However, it has been reported that other sites such as the gut, skin, upper respiratory tract, and gastrointestinal tract may also have ABP. These sites may be involved in other forms of ABP and may be associated with increased inflammation, inflammation, and airway obstruction. (2) The ABP may be subclinical or induced by the presence of other forms of ABP, or may be induced by the presence of a single or multiple forms of ABP. The clinical presentation of ABP varies based on the type of ABP and the source of the infection. It is commonly a chronic infection and often progresses to a chronic disease with a persistent airway obstruction. (3) In the past two decades, several studies have reported the prevalence of ABP in bronchoscopy and nasogastinal lavage (NAB) fluid. (2,3-9)

The most common ABP-associated causes of nasopharyngeal lavage (NPAL) include bacterial, fungal, viral, and parasitic infections. (1,2,3) Other ABP-related causes include allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis (ABPA) (10), asthma, hypersensitivity pneumonitis (HSSP) (11), and other respiratory conditions such as asthma, rhinitis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, sinusitis, sinopulmonary fibrosis, and asthma with polyradiculoneuropathy (2,3). The most common ABP-related causes of nasopharyngeal lavage (NPAL) are allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis (ABPA) and allergic sinusitis (ABTS) (2,3). (1,2,3-7)

The most common sites for nasopharyngeal lavage (NPAL) are the upper respiratory tract, the lower respiratory tract, the air spaces, and the upper respiratory tract. The infection causes severe respiratory diseases such as asthma, rhinitis, and nasal polyradiculonecemia. (3) Most cases of ABP are caused by bacteria, especially Streptococcus pneumoniae (SP) and Escherichia coli.


## Methods

The cohort was divided into two cohorts, the first one was composed of patients who were aged > 18 years and the second one was composed of patients aged > 18 year. The participants were divided into four groups, a) P. gondii and b) inhalation of antibiotics and steroids. The bronchopulmonary aspergillosis group was composed of patients who were aged between 15 and 60 years and had an average age of > 60 years. The mucocutaneous aspergillosis group was composed of patients who were aged between 15 to 60 years and had an average age of > 60 years. The patients with respiratory symptoms were identified by their skin appearance and disease signs.

Statistical analysis
The prevalence of Toxoplasma gondii was defined as the lowest observed number of cases per 100,000 population in the entire study period, and the prevalence of pulmonary aspergillosis was defined as the lowest observed number of cases per 100,000 population in the period. The histopathological diagnosis of Toxoplasma gondii was defined as the diagnosis of pulmonary aspergillosis with histopathological evidence of the presence of redness, swelling, or other abnormalities of pulmonary sites. The presence of other pulmonary conditions was defined as the presence of other pulmonary diseases such as pneumonia, gastric aspergillosis, or bronchiectasis. The diagnosis of other pulmonary diseases was defined as the presence of other pulmonary diseases, such as adenocarcinoma, pulmonary fibrosis, or lung abscess.

The survival rate of the patients was calculated as the number of patients who died at the end of the study period (t_e) per 100,000 person-years. The time to death (t_e) was calculated as the time to death from the onset of symptoms (t_e) until the time of death from the onset of symptoms (t_e) of a new onset of symptoms (t_e) (i.e. before the last symptoms were present). All these variables were compared by continuous variables.


## Results
Since their non-invasive lectin receptors are used in asthma, these studies aimed to investigate their use in asthm. We evaluated the effect of lectins on the astigmatism of C. neoformans. A. fumigatus was used as a control, and the lectins and their non-invasive lectin receptors were combined. The results are presented in Table 1. The effect of the three lectins and their non-invasive lectin receptors on the astigmatism of C. neoformans was evaluated in a three-day model of primary astigmatism (Fig 1). The combination of the lectins and the non-invasive lectin receptors reduced the astigmatism of C. neoformans by 14.5% and 12.4%, respectively. The combination of the lectins and the non-invasive lectin receptors also resulted in a significant reduction of the astigmatism of C. neoformans by 13.8%. The combination of lectins and the non-invasive lectin receptors also significantly reduced the astigmatism by 10.4%, 14.8%, and 11.1%, respectively. The combination of the lectins and the non-invasive lectin receptors also significantly reduced the astigmatism by 10.4%, 13.8%, and 11.1%, respectively. These results indicate that the combination of lectins and the non-invasive lectin receptors reduce the incidence of primary astigmatism and improve the quality of clinical astigmatism.

3.4. Antibiotic-Mediated Asthma in Rats and Their Non-Invasive Lectin Receptors
Several of the lectins and their non-invasive lectin receptors have been shown to have antifungal activity against C. neoformans. The combination of the three lectins and the non-invasive lectin receptors had a significant inhibitory effect against C. neoformans by 32.7% and 16.1%, respectively.


## Discussion
fumigatus 1(3) Protein on TNFa and TNFaR Expression by CD14
In the present study, we found that . fumigatus 1(3) protein had inhibitory effect on TNFa and TNFaR expression. CD14 was expressed on BMECs in the lung and spleen at the early stage of the disease, and in the course of the disease, it was expressed in the lung at the onset and end of the disease, and in the spleen at the end of the disease. A. fumigatus 1(3) protein was found to inhibit TNFa and TNFaR expression in BMECs and spleen at the onset of the disease, and in the spleen at the end of the disease. In addition, A. fumigatus 1(3) protein was found to inhibit A. fumigatus-induced TNFa and TNFaR expression in BMECs and spleen at the onset of the disease.

TNFa is an important inflammatory cytokine in the innate immune system, and it plays an important role in the development of atherosclerosis and diabetes mellitus. It is an important cytokine that is important for atherosclerotic processes, including the generation of proinflammatory cytokines and chemokines, and it plays a role in the activation of the inflammatory response and the suppression of inflammation by monocytes and macrophages [1, 3, 4]. We found that A. fumigatus 1(3) protein could be a potential target for the treatment of asthma and asthma-associated diseases.

Recently, several patients reported that A. fumigatus could cause a hypersensitivity reaction in the lungs and other organs [7, 8]. In the present study, we found that A. fumigatus 1(3) protein could induce a hypersensitivity reaction in the lungs and other organs.

In the present study, we found that A. fumigatus 1(3) protein could induce a hypersensitivity reaction in the lungs and other organs. However, we did not find that the production of A. fumigatus 1(3) protein was impaired by its anti-inflammatory activity. However, we did find that the production of A. fumigatus 1(3) protein was decreased by anti-CD14.
