# Candida glabrata confers resistance to predation by the oleaginous yeast Candida albicans
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Amino acids are known to play crucial roles in the production of bioactive compounds by the fungal kingdom. In this study, we investigated the in vitro activity of the aminophospholipid (IPA) Praziquantazole (Pd) against clinical Aspergillus fumigatus isolates, both clinical and environmental strains, using the broth microdilution method. Pd treatment of Pd cultures inhibited fluorescence in cell fractionation up to 48 h, and fluorescence was further enhanced by incubation at 2 °C for 72 h. Furthermore, the inhibition of Pd ROS production was decreased up to 48 h, and fluorescence was further decreased to 1-2 °C when Pd was incubated with B. fumigatus cells at 2 °C for 72 h. The enhanced inhibition of Pd over B. fumigatus growth under Pd treatment was reflected by enhanced ROS production and accumulation in Pd treated cells. These results indicate that Pd has a better activity compared to B. fumigatus in inhibiting Pd growth.


## Introduction
. albicans has been used as an animal model for studying host-parasite interactions, particularly in the context of macrophage signaling pathways [32]. The effects of C. albicans in mice and humans are similar, but the yeast forms of C. albicans have significantly longer spore-toothrows, an advantage compared to those of C. albicans [33].

The immune response to C. albicans is mediated by two distinct cells, the macrophage and phagocytic cells. Macrophages form large, endothelial cells that can engulf C. albicans [33-35]. The phagocytic cells produce reactive oxygen and nitrogen species, and the cells can also kill the yeast by phagocytic mechanisms [36]. C. albicans cells are also capable of phagocytosis by macrophages [37]. In contrast, the macrophage cells are capable of phagocytosis by phagocytes from other species, such as Drosophila melanogaster [38-40]. This ability to phagocytize C. albicans has been demonstrated to be mediated by an innate immune system-associated transcription factor, Cuf1 [41]. Macrophages of C. albicans with macrophage function share a similar phagocytic mechanism to that of the phagocytes of the other species [32, 34]. Cuf1 interacts with a conserved family of proteins that have been shown to be involved in phagocytosis [42-45]. The basic leucine zipper domain, one of the conserved protein features in macrophage phagocytosis, has been shown to mediate the interaction of Cuf1 with the c-Jun N-terminal domain of Mac1 [46-49]. Cuf1 is also known to be expressed by macrophages from different species and to contribute to macrophage phagocytosis [49]. Cuf1 is also known to interact with members of the Flo8 and Flo8 families of transcription factors, which have been shown to regulate macrophage function [50-54].

In this study, we have investigated the role of Cuf1 in the phagocytosis of C. albicans by macrophages. We demonstrate for the first time that macrophage phagocytosis of C.


## Methods
glabrat. The isolates were obtained by subculturing Candida albicans and C. glabrata from clinical isolates of Candida glabrata, Cryptococcus neoformans, and Candida albicans. The test organisms were obtained from the culture of Candida glabrata, C. glabrata, and C. neoformans and Candida albicans from the clinical isolate of Candida glabrata. The culture was performed by subculture of the Candida glabrata and C. glabrata and by subculture of C. glabrata and C. glabrata from C. glabrata strains and Candida albicans.

Pathogenicity assay
The fungus and yeast were grown in sterile plastic dishes (1 L, 1 L of nutrient broth, 1 L of Sabouraud dextrose, and 1 L of H_2O) in a growth chamber at 25°C. One liter of the culture was centrifuged (3200× g for 10 min, and then the supernatant was collected and discarded), and the pellets were resuspended in 1 L of distilled water. The pellets were resuspended in 5 mL of sterile 0.85% saline solution (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA) and mixed with a 1 L of sterile 1% agarose. The agarose was precipitated by centrifugation (3200× g for 10 min, and then the supernatant was collected and discarded), and the pellet was resuspended in 1 L of sterile 0.85% saline solution (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA) and mixed with a 1 L of sterile 0.85% saline solution (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA). The agarose was precipitated by centrifugation (3200× g for 10 min, and then the supernatant was collected and discarded). The solution was then centrifuged (3200× g for 10 min, and then the supernatant was discarded) to remove the precipitate, and the pellet was resuspended in 1 L of sterile 0.


## Results
oryzae model of systemic candidiasis (Schreier et a., 1999). However, resistance to the oleaginous yeast C. albicans was not found to be associated with the virulence of A. fumigatus in the model system (Figure 4).

A. fumigatus is a facultative intracellular pathogen
During infection, A. fumigatus is a “susceptible” pathogen. Because it is a virulent pathogen of S. cerevisiae, we investigated whether A. fumigatus was also a facultative intracellular pathogen. Although A. fumigatus is a facultative intracellular pathogen of S. cerevisiae, it was not detected in the virulence assays performed by our model system. We therefore employed the oleaginous yeast A. fumigatus to investigate the pathogenicity of A. fumigatus in A. fumigatus-infected mice. The murine model of systemic candidiasis (Figure 5A) was used to test the virulence of A. fumigatus in the murine model. We found that the number of CFU/mL in the BALB/kidney were similar between the models. The mice infected with A. fumigatus showed increased numbers of neutrophils and alveolar macrophages, as well as a reduced clearance of bacteria compared with the control. Furthermore, A. fumigatus was able to colonize the kidneys and brains of mice. The kidneys of mice infected with A. fumigatus were associated with a reduction in C. albicans CFU/mL (Figure 5B). These results indicate that A. fumigatus is able to colonize the kidneys and brains of the host.

The oleaginous yeast C. albicans is an obligate intracellular pathogen
Although C. albicans is a facultative intracellular pathogen of S. cerevisiae, we evaluated the virulence of the oleaginous yeast C. albicans in mice. The virulence of the oleaginous yeast C. albicans was compared with the virulence of A. fumigatus, which is a facultative intracellular pathogen of S. cerevisiae. The mice were infected with A.


## Discussion
fumigatus [38.

In contrast to the filamentous fungi, C. albicans and A. fumigatus, C. glabrata is known to produce a novel type of virulence factors, including an effector molecule called PHY, that can be induced in the presence of a variety of antifungal compounds, including hydrazine derivatives [39]. Furthermore, C. glabrata is also known to produce extracellular polyketides that are used as a potential drug against drug resistance in A. fumigatus [40], [41].

The first fungal cell wall structure, the cell wall of filamentous fungi consists of two distinct cell wall modules: a polysaccharide-like structure, which is composed of chitin and a polysaccharide-like structure, which is composed of mannoproteins and ß-glucans [42], and a polysaccharide-like structure, which is composed of a ß-glucan and ß-1,6-glucan [43]. The cell wall of yeasts consists of a group of interconnected mannoproteins and a polysaccharide capsule [44]. The cell wall of C. albicans and C. glabrata is composed of a network of mannoproteins and a polysaccharide capsule, which provides protection against antifungal and bactericidal activity [45]. The cell wall of C. neoformans is composed of a set of mannoproteins and a polysaccharide capsule, which provides protection against antifungal and bactericidal activities [46]. The cell wall of C. albicans is composed of three types of mannoproteins: a set of mannoprotein-related mannoproteins, which are extracellular, and a set of mannoprotein-related mannoproteins, which are secreted [47], [48]. The cell wall of C. neoformans is composed of a network of mannoproteins and a polysaccharide capsule, which provides protection against antifungal and bactericidal activities [49]. The cell wall of C. albicans is composed of mannoproteins and polysaccharide capsule, which provides protection against antifungal and bactericidal activities [50]. The cell wall of C.
