# Candida glabrata: new tools and technologies-expanding the toolkit
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Pathogenic bacteria and fungi form complex communities, forming complex communities that are difficult to study at the individual level. In this study, we analyzed the genetic diversity of a very halotolerant Glomus sp. strain, adapted for rotifolia oil production, to gain deeper insights into the roles of genes involved in oil metabolism and to develop an analytical framework for studying these complex communities. We identified 57 genes with unknown functions and compared this with those coding for lipid transport and lipid metabolism. The expression profiles of these genes were analyzed with an enzyme immunoassay and genomic tools, and their effects on Glomus growth, oil production, and oil transportation were compared. We also analyzed the roles of these genes by studying their expression in the model plant, Magnaporthe oryzae. We found that the expression of these genes was not modulated by temperature and that they can affect the plant growth and oil content. Our study of the roles of these genes demonstrates that these genes are important for understanding Glomus physiology and show how highly developed strains with reduced salt tolerance are sensitive to salt stress.

Many halotolerant fungi have been shown to thrive in extreme environments, from the extreme environments of other organisms to those of soil. As a result of their halotolerance, we have created an extremely halotolerant group of fungal species that have been shown to grow and produce oil in oil-consuming strains of fungi. To understand the genetics of these fungi and their role in growth and oil production, we analyzed their halotolerance and found that only three of the genes were under increased salt stress and the other three were under salt stress. The remaining genes were also overexpressed and our results suggest that these genes are important for oil production. Our work demonstrates that our halotolerance approach can be applied to study Glomus species and identifies genes that have been important to increasing the halotolerant status of some species of fungi.


## Introduction
Among the tools in this new approach are the nucleic acid lysis and base-coat enzymes, which are enzymes capable of hydrolyzing lipids and proteins without degradation, which are not present in the majority of other fungi [7.

The nucleic acid lysis is a major platform for the conversion of different molecules into nucleic acids, which are then used as the major route for protein degradation. In bacteria, the lysis step involves enzymes of the cellulose degrading enzyme, ß-glucosidase, and the proteolytic enzyme, ß-d-glucanase. ß-D-glucosidases are cellulose degrading enzymes that convert ß-D-glucosidic acids to sugars [8]. In fungi, the lysis step is a common platform used to degrade the secreted polysaccharide in the host cell [9,10]. Polysaccharides are the building blocks of fungal cell walls, which are the most abundant structures on the host cell and are responsible for their structural integrity [11]. The polysaccharides are small and easily degraded, and the major components of the polysaccharide cell wall are glucuronoxylomannan (GXM) and glucuronyl glucosamine (GlcA) [9]. The structures of GXM and GlcA are similar, and GXM is an extracellular polysaccharide, while GlcA is a secreted protein that binds to the host cell surface and interacts with the extracellular polysaccharide [12,13].

The carbohydrate-degrading enzyme glycosyltransferase (GT) enzymes are an important group of enzymes that convert polysaccharides to glucose, and glycoconjugates are involved in many other carbohydrate conversion activities [14]. GT enzymes can be classified into two groups: the class I GT enzymes that are produced from glucose and galactose, and the class II GT enzymes that are produced from galactose and mannose [15]. The biosynthesis of glycoconjugates in fungi and other fungi is mainly initiated by the three-dimensional glycosyltransferases (GT3s), which are produced from the polysaccharide-degrading enzymes (PdGlycos).


## Methods
-by-activities-in-activities-of-activities-of-activities
The above mentioned activities of the toolkit included use of functional annotations (e.g., ID, hgRNA, dgR) of the total RNA and protein sequences of the organisms, such as Candida albicans, Candida glabrata, and Candida parapsilosis. In addition, we included the use of the following specific primers: [M-2F] and [M-2R] for all the C. glabrata, C. parapsilosis, and C. parapsilosis species, respectively; [F-5´-1´-1´-4´] and [F-3´-1´-1´-4´] for C. albicans, C. parapsilosis, and C. parapsilosis, respectively; and [R-1´-1´-1´-4´] and [R-2´-1´-1´-4´] for C. parapsilosis). The primers were selected by their sensitivity to short- and long-read bifunctional RNA sequencing (i.e., cDNA synthesis and reverse transcriptase); it was found that it was the most sensitive cDNA synthesis enzyme to detect the presence of a non-targeting sequence. Primers were used for primer amplification of the transcripts of C. glabrata, C. parapsilosis, C. parapsilosis, C. parapsilosis, and C. parapsilosis, respectively.

For C. glabrata, the primers for the genes encoding aeGFP and the control proteins were used to amplify the cDNA from the genomic DNA of C. glabrata [36]. The cDNA products were sequenced with the BigDye v. 3.1 Cycle Sequencing Kit (Applied Biosystems, Foster City, CA, USA) and edited with BioEdit 7.1.0 software (BioEdit, Inc., College Station, TX, USA). The sequences of each gene were assembled and annotated using BioEdit 7.1.0 software (BioEdit, Inc., College Station, TX, USA). The C. glabrata genes were also classified as “basic” (a) and “essential” (b).


## Results

Aparagaceae . Lombard & Crous, fam. nov. MycoBank MB822541.

Etymology: Referring to the ubiquitous occurrence of this genus.

Sexual morph: Ascomata scattered, immersed, subglobose, globose to subglobose, black, (140-)160-225(-250) µm (n = 40) diam., scattered, in clusters, variable in shape, 45-55 µm wide, 45-75 µm deep, with a central ostiole; exuding dark brown conidial masses. Ostioles single, elongated, papillate, papillate, with a periphysate primary and secondary collarette. Peridium pseudoparenchymatous, dark brown, pseudoparenchymatous, 8-13 layers, outermost layer pseudoparenchymatous, 5-6 layers, inner layer pale brown, thick-walled, outermost layer dark brown, brown, 3-5 layers, with a basal layer of hyaline, thin-walled, thick-walled cells; inner layer hyaline, thin-walled, thin-walled, 3-5 layers, 3-5 layers, brown, brown, 3-5 layers, surrounded by a thin gelatinous sheath. Conidiophores mononematous, arising from a basal layer of hyaline, thin-walled, hyaline cells, arising from the basal layer of hyaline, thin-walled, hyaline cells. Conidiogenous cells terminal, mononematous, pale brown, cylindrical, polyblastic, proliferating sympodially and percurrently, occasionally percurrent and sympodial, with several conidiogenous loci crowded at the apex, not protuberant, 1-1.5(-2) µm diam, coronate, coronate or crest-shaped, subdenticulate, coronate or dome-shaped, 1-1.5(-2) µm diam, thickened, refractive to somewhat darkened-refractive.


## Discussion
However, the growing number of studies investigating the effects of genetic diversity on the fungal community and fungal community dynamics is increasin. Our current study showed that the fungal communities of C. glabrata and P. expansum were more diverse than the other species. Our results suggest that the differences in the fungal communities of P. expansum and P. lutzii are linked, which may be due to the differences in the population size of P. expansum and P. lutzii. This was further supported by the results of our current study.

P. expansum and P. lutzii are the two species in this genus which are highly genetically diverse in terms of their number of gene copies. Their genetic diversity has been found to be higher in terms of number of gene copies per gene copy. The number of gene copies per gene copy was higher in P. expansum and P. lutzii. In contrast, the number of gene copies per gene copy was lower in P. lutzii. The difference in the number of gene copies per gene copy between P. expansum and P. lutzii may be explained by genetic differences between the two species.

In our study, we found that the number of gene copies per gene copy was higher in P. expansum and P. lutzii. The number of gene copies per gene copy was higher in P. lutzii and P. expansum than in P. lutzii. The population size of P. expansum and P. lutzii was decreased. Our results indicate that P. expansum and P. lutzii are more susceptible to host-pathogen interactions. In addition, the use of whole-genome sequencing data is a highly efficient method for the identification of potential pathogens, which is not possible with whole-genome sequencing.

The genetic diversity of P. expansum and P. lutzii was significantly increased compared to the other species. The number of gene copies per gene copy was significantly decreased in P. expansum and P. lutzii. The total number of gene copies per gene copy was significantly decreased in P. lutzii and P. expansum. The total number of gene copies per gene copy was decreased in P. expansum and P. lutzii.
