# Candelaria Species Complex as Molecular Characterists for Their Fungal Diversity and Biological Activities
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Exposure to various stresses (e.g., exhalation of organic acids, alkaline pH, or heavy metals) results in cell damage and cell death. We have previously reported that reactive oxygen species (ROS) are necessary for resistance to oxidative stress. In this study, we show that oxidative stress is not required for the emergence of azole resistance in A. nidulans. We also show that the capsule of A. nidulans is protected against the oxidative stress caused by the presence of ROS. Moreover, we demonstrate that the A. nidulans capsule is metabolically active when grown in exhalation of carbon dioxide. Our results suggest that the presence of ROS in A. nidulans is a protective factor to overcome oxidative stress.


## Introduction
Fungal species of the species complex are heterogeneous in their biotechnological, biological and clinical capabilities [8,9. In the past decades, the discovery of new molecular resources for various fungal species has been increasing steadily [13,14,15]. Especially, many new fungal species with new characteristics were reported to be isolated from various environmental sources, including aquatic sources [8,9,16,17]. As a result of recent international trade and recreational activities, the fungal diversity of natural environments has increased [18,19,20,21,22,23,24,25,26,27,28,29,30].

Fungal diversity has been assessed using molecular methods, and recent studies have demonstrated the occurrence of a wide range of fungal species in natural environments [16,16,27,29,31]. Most studies have been carried out using sequencing of the internal transcribed spacer (ITS) and internal transcribed spacer (ITS2) regions. ITS2 is the second largest DNA-based DNA-binding protein and is highly conserved and present in all fungi studied. It is highly expressed in cells of both prokaryotic and eukaryotic organisms. The DNA-protein and DNA-damage repair machinery in fungi are similar to those in animals and plants [32]. The DNA-protein complex is capable of repairing DNA damage and mediating DNA replication and migration [33,34]. In fungi, the complex mediates DNA replication, DNA replication, DNA repair and nucleotide excision repair [35,36]. The activity of the complex is mainly mediated by the DNA-protein complex, which is activated by different DNA-binding proteins and the signaling proteins [37,38,39]. The DNA-protein complex is activated by the enzymes FUS1 and DLS1, which are involved in the recognition of the protein N-terminal domains of the protein [40,41,42]. The DNA-protein complex is also involved in the recognition of adjacent sequences by the host DNA and DNA-damage repair [43,44].

DNA-protein complex and DNA damage repair mechanisms
DNA-protein complex is activated by different DNA-binding proteins in fungi [43,44,45]. Among the DNA-binding proteins, a variety of proteins involved in DNA-protein complex and DNA damage repair are found in fungi.


## Methods
It is based on the method of Pichia 2004 [15. Based on the Index, species richness and diversity can be calculated. The FGI is defined as the number of species per 100 individuals (Table 1). It is calculated by dividing the number of genera per 100 individuals by the total number of genera (S2 Table). The FGI is divided by the number of genera per 100 individuals. The species richness index is the number of species per 100 individuals.

In this study, four different indices were used. The FGI for fungi was based on the number of species per 100 individuals (Table 1). The FGI for bacteria was based on the number of species per 100 individuals (Table 1). The FGI for fungi was based on the number of species per 100 individuals (Table 1). The FGI for yeast was based on the number of species per 100 individuals (Table 1). The FGI for bacteria was based on the number of species per 100 individuals (Table 1). The FGI for yeast was based on the number of species per 100 individuals (Table 1). The FGI for fungi was based on the number of species per 100 individuals (Table 1).

The FGI for yeast was based on the number of species per 100 individuals (Table 1). The FGI for fungi was based on the number of species per 100 individuals (Table 1). The FGI for bacteria was based on the number of species per 100 individuals (Table 1). The FGI for fungi was based on the number of species per 100 individuals (Table 1). The FGI for yeast was based on the number of species per 100 individuals (Table 1).

Fungal diversity and bio-geography
The FGI for fungi is based on the number of species per 100 individuals (Table 1). The FGI for bacteria is based on the number of species per 100 individuals (Table 1). The FGI for yeast is based on the number of species per 100 individuals (Table 1). The FGI for bacteria is based on the number of species per 100 individuals (Table 1). The FGI for yeast is based on the number of species per 100 individuals (Table 1). The FGI for fungi is based on the number of species per 100 individuals (Table 1).


## Results
%) ascomycetes (7,544 ascomycetes) and 1,486 (9.3%) basidiomycetes (7,957 ascomycetes). This represents a significant percentage of the fungal diversity in Candida spp. (Figure 2). However, it is not yet clear if this representation represents a true representation of the Candida species complex. The fungal diversity in Candida spp. is not yet fully quantified. For instance, the basidiomycete Cryptococcus neoformans was not included in the Candida spp. diversity analysis, as it was too poorly represented in the Candida species complex for inclusion in the final dataset (Figure 2).

Ascomycetes
In this study, the Candida species complex was divided into two groups based on the diversity of fungal taxa. We estimated the fungal diversity in Candida spp. to be higher than the other basidiomycete species (Table 2). Ascomycetes were the second most diverse group in Candida spp. (Table 2). A total of 7,352 fungal taxa were identified, including 4,927 (75.9%) ascomycetes (2,197 basidiomycetes) and 1,623 (9.5%) basidiomycetes (5,498 ascomycetes). These numbers are comparable to the counts for fungal species in the basidiomycete Candida spp. (Table 2). However, we were unable to obtain a count of basidiomycetes in this group. The numbers of basidiomycete species in the Candida spp. complex are smaller than the numbers of basidiomycete species in the other basidiomycetes, but this difference is not statistically significant (Table 2).

In addition to the fungal taxa, the Basidiomycetes were divided into three groups according to their fungal diversity. The Basidiomycetes were the second most diverse group in Candida spp. (Table 2). Basidiomycetes were represented by a number of taxa that were represented by only one species in the Candida spp. complex.


## Discussion
However, only a few studies have addressed the importance of fungi in fungal diversity, and their roles in fungal development, growth and reproductio. Recently, a new species was introduced to the genus Aspergillus (Saccone and Richter), which is a cosmopolitan genus with high expression and an abundant fungal taxon. This genus has been used as a biocontrol agent against various human fungal infections, including multiple fungal infections (Praetzer et al. 2009). However, the species level identification of A. niger and A. fumigatus is lacking, which makes their presence a challenging task. We have taken the opportunity to construct a fungal diversity tree with an A. fumigatus and A. niger, as well as A. versicolor, A. willei, A. solani, and A. oryzae, to investigate the putative diversity of fungi associated with A. fumigatus.

Phylogenetic analysis of the four core fungal phylotypes revealed three main phylotypes, CGMCC 2.3499, CGMCC 2.3400, and CGMCC 2.3465, which were identified as A. versicolor, A. willei, and A. fumigatus. CGMCC 2.3499 is an Ascomycota species (Peziza) that is widespread in forest ecosystems and is found in forest residues, wood, and plants (Baral et al. 2015). CGMCC 2.3400 is an Ascomycota species that is most commonly found in soil and flowers (Lee et al. 2012). CGMCC 2.3465 was identified as an A. fumigatus taxon (Molecular Weight: 1.6 Å) in the A. fumigatus diversity tree (Figs 1, 2). The genus A. fumigatus is a broad-leaved genus of brown-rotated yeasts, and most of the A. fumigatus taxa were isolated from soil (Lee et al. 2012). The species of this genus are capable of causing diseases in plant hosts, and are often involved in the production of bioactive compounds (Estrada-Estrada et al. 2016). A. versicolor and A.
