# CAPSULAR AND NON-CAPSULARS: CHARACTERIZATION OF PORTERIZATION BY Fungi and Other Endophytic Fungi
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
>T: ATR-D1 (TEM/OBJ-RFP: CRISPROLI ESTIMED: CIRG 1.0>T) (TEM/OBJ-RP: CRISPROLI ESTIMED: CIRG 18.0>T) (ATR-D1) (TEM/OBJ-RP) <U+03B3> (RP): CRISPROLI ESTIMED: CIRG 18.0>T: ATR-D1.<U+03B3> (HSPT) (RP): CRISPROLI ESTIMED: CIRG 18.0>T: ATR-D1.<U+03B3> (HSPT) (RP): CRISPROLI ESTIMED: CIRG 18.0>T: ATR-D1.<U+03B3> (HSPT) <U+03B3> (RP): CRISPROLI ESTIMED: CIRG 18.0>T: ATR-D1.<U+03B3> (HSPT) (RP): CRISPROLI ESTIMED: CIRG 18.0>T: ATR-D1.<U+03B3> (HSPT) <U+03B3> (RP): CRISPROLI ESTIMED: CIRG 18.0>T: ATR-D1.<U+03B3> (HSPT) (RP): CRISPROLI ESTIMED: CIRG 18.0>T: ATR-D1.<U+03B3> (HSPT) <U+03B3> (RP): CRISPROLI ESTIMED: CIRG 18.0>T: ATR-D1.


## Introduction
The symbionts, which are largely responsible for the maintenance of phytopathogens, have been found in a wide variety of habitats, including soil, decaying plant materials, living cells of plants, ectomycorrhizal (ECM) plants, animal dung, and even plant debris [4, 5. Bacteria, yeasts, and fungi are the most common species in eukaryotic symbionts and their phyla, such as Saccharomyces, Candida, Cryptococcus, and other, are commonly present [6].

Most of the fungi studied so far belong to Candida species (filamentous, yeast-like species) [7]. However, Candida tropicalis is an emerging threat, associated with recent outbreaks [8]. C. tropicalis is an opportunistic yeast, primarily found on AIDS patients [9]. It is considered to be the most common fungal species in hospital-acquired infections in Europe and worldwide [10], and in many Asian countries such as Japan, China, and Korea, C. tropicalis is the main cause of hospital-acquired candidemia [11, 12]. In fact, in Japan, the number of candidemia caused by C. tropicalis is almost the same as that in the United States, where the number of deaths due to Candida bloodstream infections is over a million [13].

C. tropicalis is classified as a new species under the Japanese public health system [14]. However, the number of reported cases of candidemia by this species has decreased. In Japan, only a few cases of candidemia have been reported, such as in 2013, there were 119 cases of candidemia and 123 deaths [15]. Therefore, there is an increasing need for more rapid diagnostics and treatment for C. tropicalis.

The diagnosis of candidemia can be obtained by the use of several diagnostic techniques, such as culture, histopathology, and quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) [16]. In addition, the use of different techniques, such as polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and culture, can make the diagnosis of candidemia more precise [16, 17]. These techniques can detect Candida spp. in a variety of tissues including the skin, mucosa, and nails, as well as the bloodstream.


## Methods
The taxonomy of the endophytic fungi was analyzed by the International Poreshell Taxonomy (IP) (O’Donnell and Morrison, 1995), the taxonomy of the phytopathogenic fungi was analyzed by the Phytopathogenic Endophytic Fungi (PFEE) (O’Donnell and Morrison, 1995), and the phytopathogenic endophytic fungi was analyzed by the Phytopathogenic Fungi (PFEE-E) (O’Donnell and Morrison, 1995.

To evaluate the impact of the diversity of endophytic fungi on the community composition of the tree, we examined the diversity of endophytic fungi in the number of species and the number of genera in the number of taxa. We examined the diversity of fungal genera in the number of species and the number of genera in the number of taxa. We examined the diversity of endophytic fungi in the number of genera and the number of species, using the relative abundances of fungal genera, based on the root-mean-square deviation (RMSD) method. We compared the diversity of endophytic fungi in the number of taxa to the number of species and the number of species to the number of taxa. We calculated the relative abundances of fungal genera in the number of taxa to the number of taxa. We used the P-value method to test whether the observed relative abundances of taxa differed significantly among the different groups of endophytic fungi, using the unweighted pair group method with arithmetic mean (UPGMA) (Sieve and Russell, 2000). The PCoA method, in which the Mantel-Haenszel method is used, was used to test the effects of diversity of fungal genera on the diversity of taxa. The P-value was used to test if the relative abundances of taxa differed significantly among the different groups of endophytic fungi, using the unweighted group method with arithmetic mean (UPGMA) (Sieve and Russell, 2000).

Protein analysis
The proteins present in all fungi were analyzed in S. cerevisiae, R. solanicum, and B. cinerea. We used the BlastP algorithm (http://www.blastp.


## Results
neoformans ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF . albicans ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. glabrata ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. dubliniensis ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. parapsilosis ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. lusitaniae ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. tropicalis ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. lusitaniae ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. glabrata ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. parapsilosis ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. albicans ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. dubliniensis ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. glabrata ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. lusitaniae ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. parapsilosis ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. tropicalis ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. glabrata ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. parapsilosis ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. dubliniensis ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. glabrata ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. lusitaniae ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. parapsilosis ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. tropicalis ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. glabrata ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. parapsilosis ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. dubliniensis ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. lusitaniae ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. parapsilosis ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. parapsilosis ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. lusitaniae ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. parapsilosis ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. tropicalis ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C. lusitaniae ATTRIBUTS AND DONATE OF C.


## Discussion
reticulatus, the majority of the isolates were collected in autumn and winter month. Only some isolates (14/14) were collected in spring and fall. This study represents the first description of the spore morphotype and genotype of S. reticulatus. The spore morphology and genotype of S. reticulatus is similar to other basidiomycetous yeasts, including S. pombe [29], and other filamentous fungi like Pichia or Saccharomyces [30]. In addition, it has been reported that the spore production and development of basidiomycetous yeasts are associated with asexual and sexual development [31,32]. The new species contains a mating type locus, a pseudohyphal morphotype, and a pseudohyphal type gene (transcription factor 1). Further studies are needed to confirm this gene family is present in S. reticulatus.

In addition to the mating type locus, the pseudohyphal morphotype was detected in two other basidiomycetous yeasts, S. pombe and S. hungaricus. The first species is a hybrid of the two species. The second species was collected in spring and fall, and was not sampled in this study. The second species was collected in spring and fall, and was not sampled in this study.

The mating type locus is phylogenetically very similar to the basidiomycete Pichia and Saccharomyces. The mating type locus is present in the basidiomycete Pichia and lacks the mating type locus. However, the basidiomycete Pichia species has two mating type loci (M1 and M2) whereas the other basidiomycete has one mating type locus (M1-M2) and two mating type loci (M2-M2). Both mating type loci are present in basidiomycetous yeasts and two mating type loci are present in the basidiomycete C. neoformans. These results suggest that the basidiomycete Pichia species has two mating type loci and both mating type loci are present in S. reticulatus.

The mating type locus of S.
