# Characterization of the Ectomycorrhizal Fungal Community Associated with Black Fungi: Replication and Literature review
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Trichosporon asahii is a filamentous fungus that survives in the skin and the gastrointestinal tract of human hosts and is a cause of community and systemic disease in humans. The plant-pathogenic fungus is distributed worldwide and its geographic range is the result of trade and human dispersal. Humans and fungi can survive and replicate in various environmental niches, including the lungs of infected animals and human infection with T. asahii. In order to survive and replicate in T. asahii, these tissues need to develop strategies to capture nutrients, thus: (1) capture adenine nucleosides, (2) lyse the uptake of nutrients in the host; (3) induce host immune responses to promote infection and survival; (4) sequester adenine and tricarboxylic acid from the host’s blood and serum; (5) sequester adenine and valine from the soil; and (6) sequester the adenine from the air. The strategies described here focus on strategies of this fungus, which is a ubiquitous component of the human microbiome, and highlight strategies for its subversion of host immunity and use of its surfaces to cause disease. We also discuss the mechanisms of this plant-pathogenic fungus and suggest that the strategies described here are useful for preventing and treating fungal infections, as well as for future fungal translocation into the host.


## Introduction
C. elegans is a facultative aerobic obligate biotroph, which exists in the gut of wild fish. It is one of the most common phagocytic cells, with approximately 1.5 million members worldwide. It can survive in a wide range of environmental conditions, such as pH, temperature, oxygen, humidity, pH change, nutrient deficiencies, and heavy metals (Gelum et al., 2012; Cantarel et al., 2011). The C. elegans genome was sequenced in 2014, and it contains over 40,000 predicted genes and over 20,000 predicted protein-coding genes (Tong et al., 2014).

In this study, we extend the availability of C. elegans genome data to include over 25,000 predicted genes. These predicted genes are compared to the C. albicans genome data set of over 12,000 predicted genes. The C. elegans genome is larger than the C. parapsilosis genome (over 12,000), and this larger C. elegans genome contains over 25,000 predicted genes. The C. glabrata genome is larger (over 250,000), and this larger C. glabrata genome contains over 250,000 predicted genes. The C. elegans genome is smaller than the C. parapsilosis genome (over 250,000) and this smaller C. elegans genome contains over 250,000 predicted genes. This large size of C. elegans genome increases our understanding of the importance of host-pathogen interactions in the pathogenicity of C. elegans.


## Methods
Each year, there is a global communication network of mushroom producers, mushroom sellers, and mushroom collectors to provide a continuous list of related mushroom product. The overall Fungal Community content and organic matter content is largely the same across the six participating countries and it is noted that the difference in composition is likely due to the differences in the production of the fungi and the mushroom sellers. A comparison of the Fungal Community in the two countries was performed by examining the Fungal Community and its associated properties in terms of their interactions with mushroom producers and the associated properties. The Fungal Community in the four participating countries is composed of twelve taxonomically classified genera (Culture, Ecology, Physiology, Physiology, Physiology-related, and Medicine-related) as well as four genera of Lactarius, Zephyridium, and Tylostelium. The four genera and four taxonomically classified taxonomical groups are used to illustrate the characteristics of the Fungal Community associated with the fungi of the mushroom industry in each country.

The most important components of the Fungal Community are obtained by cultivating a variety of fungi, mainly Ascomycetes, in the different ways. In order to determine the most important component of the Fungal Community, we used the following five criteria: 1. The presence of a common characteristic (e.g., color, texture, and appearance of mushrooms) for the fungal species, 2. The diversity of the fungal species, and 3. The presence of the characteristic on the fungal species.

Two types of data: (i) the number of mushroom sellers and the number of mushroom sellers per country.

2. The number of mushroom sellers and the number of mushroom sellers per country.

3. The number of mushroom sellers and the number of mushroom sellers per country.

4. The number of mushroom sellers and the number of mushroom sellers per country.

The average annual yields of fungal species in each country are calculated as follows: Sum of the annual yields of fungal species in each country.

The Fungal Community: Comparison of the Fungal Community
The Fungal Community of the four participating countries is divided into four main categories (Table 1).


## Results
neoformans va. grubii (a highly virulent pathogen) and C. neoformans var. neoformans (a nonpathogenic pathogen) is an important pathogenicity determinant for black fungal infections [12,13]. However, recent studies have suggested that the fungal community of black fungi is not well defined and therefore it is not possible to differentiate the fungal community of black fungi based solely on the presence of fungal ITS sequences. However, a recent study has suggested that the fungal community of black fungi is diverse and varies in both ITS region and gene length [15]. Thus, the diversity of fungal community of black fungi and their genes and even the species of the genus Pyrenophora are fundamental to the success of the black fungal infections.

For the black fungal community of C. neoformans var. grubii, we used a combination of real-time PCR and sequencing (see methods), and performed fungal gene and protein expression analyses to define the genes of interest (Table 2). Of the 34,572 genes identified in the fungal community of C. neoformans var. grubii, 9,793 (99.7%) were found to be up-regulated and 8,912 (97.2%) were down-regulated (Table 2). For the 21,946 genes of interest, only 55 genes were found to be differentially expressed between the two groups (Table 2). The most significantly up-regulated genes in both groups were those involved in the transport of sugars, the metabolic processes of amino acids and nucleotide biosynthesis (Table 2). The most significantly down-regulated genes in both groups were those involved in detoxification of nitrogen compounds and signal transduction pathways (Table 2).

The most significantly up-regulated genes in both groups were those involved in the metabolic process of amino acids and nucleotide biosynthesis (Table 2).


## Discussion
This analysis has also revealed the potential of future studies on fungal diversity and epidemiology in humans, and demonstrated the potential for a better understanding of human fungal infection. The study also provided a global overview of fungal diversity and associated taxonomic groups. The study also revealed that environmental changes may play a role in the fungal community structure and population structure, and can provide information regarding the evolutionary histories of fungal pathogens. The study also provided a global overview of fungal diversity and associated taxonomic groups. The study also revealed that environmental changes may play a role in the fungal community structure and population structure, and can provide information regarding the evolutionary histories of fungal pathogens. The study also provided a global overview of fungal diversity and associated taxonomic groups. The study also revealed that environmental changes may play a role in the fungal community structure and population structure, and can provide information regarding the evolutionary histories of fungal pathogens. The study also provided a global overview of fungal diversity and associated taxonomic groups. The study also provided a global overview of fungal diversity and associated taxonomic groups. The study also revealed that environmental changes may play a role in the fungal community structure and population structure, and can provide information regarding the evolutionary histories of fungal pathogens.

Conclusions and perspectives
This study revealed that there are three main types of fungal communities associated with human disease in South Africa. These communities, identified by the above-mentioned methods, represent the main focus of the research, as their results are in accordance with the findings of the previous studies and confirmed by the data presented. The findings, although not conclusive, show that these three communities are distinct and that the presence of these communities in the human-associated environment is strongly associated with the fungal community associated with human disease. This study also revealed that the presence of these communities in the human-associated environment is strongly associated with the fungal community associated with human disease. The results also revealed that the fungal communities associated with human disease are significantly different from those associated with disease in the environment. This study also highlighted that the fungal communities associated with human disease are significantly different from those associated with disease in the environment. This study also revealed that the presence of these communities in the human-associated environment is strongly associated with the fungal community associated with human disease.
