# Characteristics of the yeast pathogen Eumycus felgineus during dormant vegetative time
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPKs) play a central role in the activation of the cell walls of diverse microbial pathogens. The cell walls of fungi include a major component of the mycolytic system and a vast majority of secreted metabolites. To date, the most widely used MAPKs are mycolytic and inflammatory in origin. The recent availability of large-scale in vitro studies on the interactions of mycolytic cells with primary mycolytic cells from mice and non-mycolytic cells has provided significant insight into the mechanistic details of the cell wall-related interactions. However, the fundamental differences in the cell wall-related properties of non-mycolytic cells and mycolytic cells exist, largely unexplored. The in vitro studies that have been completed thus far largely relate to the characterization of cell wall components, or the generation of a wall-associated phenotype, which isorphopatalysts, and protease inhibitors. These findings have motivated further in vivo cellular and tissue-specific studies on non-mycolytic cells. A promising application of this type of data to the tissue level is being made, primarily to characterize the proteolytic activity of non-mycolytic cells. Non-mycolytic cells are able to utilize different mycolytic substrates, and are more susceptible to inhibition by protease inhibitors than mycolytic cells. Conversely, protease inhibitors may inhibit the activities of non-mycolytic cells. Non-mycolytic cells, upon challenge with protease inhibitors, are unable to produce any type of pigment or bioactive metabolites, or are more resistant to stress. This review focuses on non-mycolytic cells, an important group of non-mycolytic cells, as well as their protease inhibitors. Non-mycolytic cells, as an example, are shown to utilize a variety of cell wall polysaccharides, including protease inhibitors, as well as amylase and two-component, ascorbate-based, melanin. This knowledge can be exploited for new drug leads for non-mycolytic bacteria and fungi, as well as for new generation therapeutics for mycolytic mycolytic bacteriocytic infections.


## Introduction
 2000; Dijkshoorn et a., 2002; Denning and Bromley, 2010; Dijkshoorn and Benshapur, 2012). These characteristics of the pathogen are thought to have contributed to the virulence of the pathogen in nature. In addition, the mortality of the pathogen can be attributed to the lack of survival mechanisms and genes involved in pathogenicity (Dijkshoorn and Bromley, 2010).

Although the global burden of fungal disease is estimated to be over 30 million people worldwide, estimates of human disease in Sub-Saharan Africa are unknown (Hawksworth, 2009). Data from the WHO are limited and may not reflect the actual incidence of the disease. The World Health Organization estimates that 278,000 new cases of cryptococcal meningitis occur annually in African populations, with over half of these cases occurring in sub-Saharan Africa (WHO, 2017). In Uganda, cryptococcal disease is most common in men between 30 and 59 years old and is also the most common cause of non-neutropenia bloodstream infection in HIV/AIDS patients (WHO, 2017).

In Uganda, the HIV/AIDS epidemic has severely limited the country’s ability to treat cryptococcal disease and cryptococcal infection remains the major cause of death in patients with active immunodeficiency. In most individuals, the infection begins with the inhalation of aerosolized cryptococcal cells from the environment. Cryptococcal cells can survive inside the lungs, establishing latent infection in the alveoli of the lung. Once inside the host, Cryptococcus alvei can disseminate from there to other tissues, causing an inflammatory response that includes the production of immune complexes and a myriad of cytokines and chemokines. In addition, patients can develop complications of cryptococcal disease in patients with impaired immunity such as individuals with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)/human immunodeficiency virus type I (HIV-HIV-S1) infection or individuals with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) (Crowther et al., 2016; Davis et al., 2016). Individuals with HIV/AIDS are at greatest risk of developing cryptococcal disease.


## Methods
The yeast pathogen Eumycus felgineus was identified by the presence of a yeast colony of the growth on the mediu. Yeast strains were identified by the existence of a germ tube in the basidia; and, the presence of a yeast colony of the growth on the medium. The identification of the yeast pathogen Eumycus felgineus was based on the presence of a yeast colony of the growth on the medium. The identification of the yeast pathogen Eumycus felgineus was based on the presence of a colony of the growth on the medium. The identification of the yeast pathogen Eumycus felgineus was based on the presence of a colony of the growth on the medium. The identification of the yeast pathogen Eumycus felgineus was based on the absence of a yeast colony. The identification of the yeast pathogen Eumycus felgineus was based on the presence of a colony. The identification of the yeast pathogen Eumycus felgineus was based on the presence of a colony. The identification of the yeast pathogen Eumycus felgineus was based on the presence of a colony. The identification of the yeast pathogen Eumycus felgineus was based on the presence of a colony. The identification of the yeast pathogen Eumycus felgineus was based on the presence of a colony. The identification of the yeast pathogen Eumycus felgineus was based on the presence of a colony.

Lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and Cryptococcus neoformans
A single colony of Eumycus felgineus was isolated from a susceptible plant. The cultivation was performed in a shaker at 30°C and 5% CO_2. The cultivation was completed with a mixture of 1.5% (wt/vol) L-histidine, 1.0% (wt/vol) ferric chloride, and 0.01% (vol/vol) trace elements, pH 8.0. The cultivation was completed with a mixture of 2% (wt/vol) glucose, 1.0% (wt/vol) fructose, 0.


## Results
We were interested in studying the changes in pathogenicity of the fungus during dormant vegetative growt. We identified several novel yeast pathogen in our study. The most common pathogen was Cryptococcus neoformans, which is a member of the Staphylococcus aureus complex. The strain was found in the leaves of three different states, namely (1) non-invasive, (2) associated with leaf spots, and (3) associated with plant debris. In the assays, we observed that the yeast strains were more resistant to the inoculation with B. dermatitidis or to the plant debris than the controls. However, when the isolate was isolated from the substrate, the yeast strains exhibited more resistance, with the yeast strains being more resistant to the inoculation with the plant debris. These results suggest that the pathogenicity of C. neoformans during dormant vegetative growth might be affected by the isolated isolates. The isolate was obtained from a different location, which could not be confirmed by PCR amplification.

In addition, the isolate was characterized by the expression of a number of secondary metabolites, which may be involved in the pathogenicity. In this regard, the Eumycoccus sericei strain was found to be susceptible to B. dermatitidis infection. In this regard, the isolate was evaluated for its ability to produce oxidative and osmotic stress in the presence of heat stressors and pH stressors. The E. sericei strain was found to be susceptible to heat stressors. The sensitivity of the isolate to heat stressors is not a desirable feature in a plant pathogenic fungus. The sensitivity of the E. sericei strain was evaluated for its ability to grow in the presence of acidic pH stressors and to survive in the presence of sodium bicarbonate stressors. The E. sericei strain showed significantly lower tolerance to heat stressors than the control. The sensitivity of the E. sericei strain to alkaline pH stressors is not a desirable feature in a plant pathogenic fungus. The sensitivity of the isolate to sodium bicarbonate stressors was evaluated for its ability to survive in the presence of potassium chloride stressors. The E. sericei strain was found to be more resistant to potassium chloride stressors than the control.


## Discussion
However, a total of 73 isolates of the . felgineus were isolated from soil, compared to an average of 12 to 33 isolates per 100,000 soil samples from both the winter and spring seasons (fig 2). The total number of isolates (6.5%) isolated from soil was slightly higher than that in the winter, but decreased to 0.3% in the spring. However, these results suggest that the early stage of the soil microbial community structure may not be conducive to the growth of this fungus.

The fungal species were found to be highly abundant in the soil, with relative abundances of Aspergillus and Penicillium significantly higher than those from the soil (fig 3). The relative abundance of Penicillium was highest in soil samples in summer, followed by Aspergillus and Aspergillus spp. (fig 3). The relative abundance of Penicillium was highest in soil samples in summer, and declined to 0.3% in the winter. The number of Aspergillus species was low in soil samples in winter, but increased to 0.1% in the spring. However, this may not be the cause of the higher abundances of Penicillium in winter, as the soil was not colonized by Aspergillus spp. (fig 3). The soil fungal diversity in winter was similar to that in summer, with 16 to 27 different genera of genera in winter, and a total of 78 genera in summer (fig 3). The soil fungal diversity in summer was similar to that in summer, with 21 to 27 different genera of genera in summer (fig 3). The fungal diversity in winter was similar to that in summer, with 8 to 16 different genera of genera in winter, but no significant difference in the soil fungal diversity between summer and winter (fig 3).

The fungal species in the soil samples in summer were S. cerevisiae (27%), S. pombe (20%), and A. fumigatus (12%). This species is a high-throughput screening agent of soilborne diseases and was previously reported to be a soilborne agent of wheat in Germany [42], [43].
