# Characterization and mutagenicity of pantothenic acid reductases in Phytophthora sojae
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The human pathogenic fungus Aspergillus fumigatus is a well-known regulator of fungal virulence and resistance to many antifungal drugs. We recently discovered that the mannose receptor, the mano enzyme and the ß-glucanase, which plays a role in fungal virulence, is a conserved target of A. fumigatus in the budding yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae. Here we describe the isolation of a mano gene fragment, which is present in the ß-glucanase and Phe-1ß-glucanase genomes of A. fumigatus, and in several ß-glucanases from other fungi, in order to elucidate the regulatory function of this gene. We show that the ß-glucanase and Phe-1ß-glucanase functions are conserved and independent of their protein homologs. The deletion of any of these genes would then likely result in a completely different phenotype from the wild type.


## Introduction
Antitoxin-specificity and specificity of pantothenic acid reductases have been confirmed by a novel pantothenic acid oxidase (EtotP) (Dixit et a. 2017).

C. neoformans is a facultative intracellular pathogen that causes life-threatening meningoencephalitis in immunocompromised individuals. The fungus causes a number of life-threatening infections ranging from asymptomatic colonization to disseminated disease. Each year, over 1 million new cases are diagnosed in Africa and the Americas, and about 10 million people develop cryptococcosis in these regions (Kapoor et al. 2012).

The echinocandins, such as caspofungin, micafungin, anidulafungin, and anidulafungin, have been developed as antifungal therapeutics with promising outcomes. However, the echinocandins are limited in their mode of action. caspofungin is toxic to the host, and the hepatotoxicity of micafungin and its derivatives is thought to limit their clinical use (Egola et al. 2001). A number of other drugs, such as alemtuzumab and calretin, are active against C. neoformans, but do not inhibit the enzyme that catalyzes the hydrolytic cleavage of cytochrome P450 in the enzyme-encoding gene CNA3. The ETS inhibitors carbapenems, micafungin, and imazalil inhibit the catalytic activity of CNA3 but do not affect the enzyme that catalyzes the hydrolysis of cytochrome P450 in the enzyme-encoding gene CNA2 (Egola et al. 2001). Caspofungin and imazalil have similar mechanisms of action but differ in their modes of action. caspofungin is more toxic and has higher MIC values than imazalil, whereas caspofungin and imazalil are less toxic but have higher MIC values than caspofungin and caspofungin only (Egola et al. 2001). Anidulafungin and micafungin are inactive against C. neoformans and exhibit similar modes of action to caspofungin and micafungin, but with lower potency than amphotericin B (Egola et al.


## Methods

.6. Nucleotide Sequence Typing
The nucleotide sequences of the major subunit of the nuclear ribosomal RNA genes were retrieved from NCBI, using the same method as described in [38]. The primers ITS4 and ITS5 [39], which are designed to amplify the ITS region from the whole GenBank sequence of Phytophthora spp., were used to amplify the partial cDNA using the primer pair ITS1 and ITS4 [40], which were used as a negative control for sequencing reactions [41]. The primers CDS1-CDS3 [42] and XmaI-XbaI [43] were used for the amplification of the partial cDNA using the primer pair CDS1-CDS3 [44].

2.7. Gene Structure Annotation
The CDS-seq data was subjected to the BLAST search of the NCBI database (http://blast.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/) to identify proteins with a high-quality annotation [45]. Protein sequence data for each of the subunits were aligned and the top three residues of the alignment were selected for further phylogenetic analyses. A phylogenetic tree was constructed by the maximum-likelihood method implemented in MEGA 5 [46], using the default settings for the LG+I+G substitution model [47]. The best-fit substitution model was selected by the maximum-likelihood method for the LG+G substitution model, which is a best-fit method for the Bayesian analysis of data [48]. The tree was visualized in Adobe Photoshop and a consensus tree was generated using the software Treeview 3.0.1 [49].

2.8. Synthesis of the P. sojae-derived N-terminal Flagases
The P. sojae-derived N-terminal Flagases were synthesized from P. sojae using the method described in [22] and the method described in [23] and are described in detail in [30]. The reaction mixtures were incubated at room temperature and the reaction products were separated by a graded series of ethanol precipitation. The purified enzymes were then subjected to HPLC analysis on an UltiMate 3000 system (Dionex-LC-Dionex, Japan) equipped with a flow-cell of 4.0 nm and a detector temperature of 250 °C.


## Results
A total of 397 proteins were identified in all seven species with the exception of five proteins from Trichoderma reese. The analysis revealed that four of these four were predicted to contain the E1, E2, E3, and E4 reductases (Table 2). The other four were predicted to be extracellular and secreted, and two were predicted to be cytoplasmic (Table 2). The phylogenetic tree revealed that the E1 and E2 proteins share similar topologies and are identical to the yeast and fungus proteins described in the literature (Figure 2). However, E3 and E4 proteins from Phytophthora sojae have diverged considerably. In order to obtain an overview of the evolutionary history of the E1, E2, E3, and E4 reductases, we used the P_GAL7-P_TUNEL3/P_TUNEL4/P_GAL7 to search the genome sequence. The analysis revealed the presence of at least one putative E1, E2, E3, and E4 reductase gene in these three species. The E1 and E2 proteins were also predicted to contain the extracellular E1 and E3 proteins and the E4 proteins from Phytophthora sojae share the E1 and E2 proteins. Based on the phylogenetic tree, the E1, E2, E3, and E4 reductase genes are likely to have originated from the E1 and E2 proteins from T. sojae and the E1, E2, E3, and E4 reductases were likely to have originated from the E1 and E2 proteins from T. sojae.

Phylogenetic analysis of the putative E1, E2, and E4 reductases revealed that they are orthologous in all fungi except for the saprophytic fungus M. sojae. The phylogenetic tree revealed that the E1, E2, and E3 proteins from T. sojae were almost identical to the yeast proteins, with the E1, E2, E3, and E4 reductases from Trichoderma reesei being closely related to the E1 and E2 proteins from T. sojae (Figure 2).


## Discussion
neoformans and . cerevisiae, and in yeast with an established mycobiome [43], [44]. In the present study, we found that the pantothenate reductase family is involved in the conversion of pantothenic acid to pantothenic acid and in the modulation of gene expression of the transcription factor, a-kal-2, encoding a factor-like 4-hydroxy-3-methoxy-3,4,5-trien-1-ol [43]. This phenomenon is observed in other fungi. For example, in the Saccharomycetales fungi, the homolog of A. fumigatus homologous to A. flavus is Nsd1 (C. albicans homolog), which is involved in the biosynthesis of the flavan-1,3-ß-D-glucan and d-fucosamine in Candida albicans [43], [45]. Homologs of this gene were found in the Saccharomycetales fungi and related to the maintenance of the cell wall and the cell wall integrity of the fungus [45]. In a previous study, homologs of this gene were also found in all fungi, except the ascomycete fungi Aspergillus fumigatus and Aspergillus nidulans, which have a heterogeneous mycobiome and are mainly composed of filamentous fungi, such as Aspergillus oryzae, Aspergillus terreus, and Penicillium chrysogenum [47]. In this study, the homolog of Nsd1 (C. albicans homolog), which encodes a serine/threonine protein kinase involved in the phosphatase CysD in fungi, was found in all fungal species. In the present study, homologs of this gene were also found in all fungi and the homologous genes were detected in all fungi and the homologous genes were also found in the other fungi. The homologs of this gene were found in all fungi and were also found in the other fungi.
