# Characterisation of Microbial Community in Peanut Flavors and Their Antimicrobial Potential
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The human pathogen Cryptococcus gattii recently emerged as a significant cause of illness in immune-compromised persons in the face of increasing rates of antimicrobial resistance. A strain of C. gattii causing meningoencephalitis of “black lung” has been identified as a causative agent of cryptococcosis. To gain insight into the mechanisms underlying the adaptation to the cryptococcosis, we characterized two transcription factors (TFVs) in the smoke toxin complex and a multivalent (MVs) homolog, which are essential for fungal survival during inhalation, in Cryptococcus neoformans infection. TFVs were constructed from a-GalD1, a homologue of the Drosophila Galactomyces HEMV GalNAc protein and a homologue of the Drosophila dpr1 homologue. Analysis of strain-specific gene expression indicated that the two TFVs were highly conserved. Strikingly, we found that the TFVs from both non-redundant and multivalent C. gattii strains share a unique and conserved C-terminal zinc-finger motif. The two C. gattii TFVs in our sample also displayed a significant decrease in the protein adhesion, the production of capsule, and the ability to induce cell death in C. neoformans. We conclude that the C. gattii TFVs are important for the virulence of C. gattii.


## Introduction
The seeds are rich in essential oils and phenolics that are used in the cosmetic, food, and pharmaceutical industries [2. The main constituents of Peanut are phenols, glycosides, and sugars, and their glycosides and sugars are terpenes, flavonoids, and monoterpenes [3].

Glycosides are ester polymers of very short saturated and/or monoterpenic chain, and are not usually found in animals or plants. They are found in all organisms, and can be found mainly in plant-associated microorganisms, yeasts, and bacteria. Some of the major glycosides found in Peanut are phenyl ether, tetraethyl, and di- and triethylammonium group, and are mainly found in chalcones, sesquiterpenes, and flavonoids [3].

Metalloenzymes are a group of enzymes that are involved in a variety of biological processes, mainly in energy metabolism, metabolism, cell wall, and cell wall integrity [4]. Metalloenzymes can be classified into several families according to their chemical structure: are able to break down polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), unsaturated fatty acids, diacylglycerols, and cholesteryl fatty acids; and they can catalyze the hydrolysis of acetyl-D-glucosamine (DG) and d-glyceryl pyrophosphate (DGPP), respectively. They can catalyze the hydrolysis of the D-glucose in the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) by glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI) or D-glucosamine [4]. Some Metalloenzymes are involved in the synthesis of cell wall polysaccharides and in the defense against exogenous danger signals, such as UV and temperature stress [5].

The genus of Metalloenzymes includes a great variety of enzymes, which are found in a wide range of organisms, e.g., bacteria, fungi, and animals.


## Methods
Briefly, a fresh yeast extract, malt extract, and peptone extract were used to determine the microbial community composition, while a 100% acid-washed glass bottle containing 1% agar (for fungi) or .1% agar (for bacteria) was used as the mobile phase. The bacterial community composition of the natural peanut root was analysed by the GC-MS method. Briefly, the microbial community was extracted by the acid-dextraction method, followed by the addition of 2% methanol and 10% acetic acid. The column was washed twice with 1.5 mL methanol and the mobile phase was split into two fractions (fraction A and B) by centrifugal elution. After elution of the solvent, the solvent was removed by evaporation under reduced pressure. The retention time was monitored at 280 nm with a Shimadzu GC-5ms instrument (Shimadzu, Kyoto, Japan). The molecular weight was determined using the M-Coffee software. The identification of the microbes was performed using the standard bacterial and fungal species-specific profile. In brief, the bacteria and fungi genus-specific profiles were obtained by comparison with the bacterial and fungal strains available in the CBS-KNAW database (www.cbs.knaw.nl/). The microbial species profiles were further analysed using the Microbial Community Characterisation (MC-MC) programme, as previously described [5]. The microbial community composition of the peanut root was investigated by the GC-MS method. Briefly, the fungal species profile was performed by using the M-Coffee software. The identification of the microbial community was performed using the standard fungal species-specific profile. In brief, the fungal species profiles were performed by using the standard fungal species-specific profile. In addition, the identification of the fungal community was performed by using the standard fungal species-specific profile. The bacterial and fungal community was also investigated by the GC-MS method, as previously described [5]. Briefly, the fungal species profile was performed by using the M-Coffee software. The identification of the fungal community was performed using the standard fungal species-specific profile.


## Results
The bacterial community was dominated by gram positive bacteria (. typhimurium, S. sonneis, S. bacilligera, S. valbyensis, S. epidermidis, S. lupus, S. zellulogii, S. pruinosa, S. posadasii, S. vietnamii, S. bayanus, S. wiedmannii, S. zemplinii, S. granulata, S. fumigatus, S. melosii, S. pelliculosa, S. psammophila, S. taiwanensis, S. osmophila, S. myrtifolium, S. mirabilis, S. robertsii, S. bayanus, S. pruinosa, S. phaeohyphae, S. strelitzii, S. tropicum, S. versatilis, S. membranifaciens, S. membranifaciensii, S. viridimycobacter, S. verruculosa, S. verrucosum, S. viciae, S. versicolor, S. utilissimum, S. viciae-verrucis, S. versicolor-verrucis, S. utilissimum, S. versicolor-verrucis, S. versicolor-verrucis, S. utilissimum, S. vietnamii, S. versatilis, S. versatilis, S. versicolor-verrucis, S. versicolor-verrucis, S. versicolor-verrucis, S. versicolor-verrucis, S. versicolor-verrucis, S. vietnamii, S. versatilis, S. versicolor-verrucis, S. vietnamii, S. versatilis, S. versicolor-verrucis, S. versicolor-verrucis, S. versicolor-verrucis, S.


## Discussion
Many studies have been conducted on the composition of the microbial community of peanut fruit and fruit juices, but their identification is not straightforward and the species of microbes are not widely studie. The present study focused on the composition of the microbial community of peanut fruit and fruit juices. The results showed that the composition of the microbial community of peanut fruit and fruit juices was similar to that of milk, vinegar and sugar-containing fruit juices, but differed from that of sugar-containing fruit juices. This could be due to the differences in the types of fruit juices, fruit juices with no or very small amounts of fruit juice, or fruit juices with more than three large amounts of fruit juice. This could also be due to the differences in the storage time of fruit juices and fruit juices in different countries. The results of the present study showed that the composition of the microbial community of peanut fruit and fruit juices was different from that of milk, vinegar and sugar-containing fruit juices. The composition of the microbial community of peanut fruit and fruit juices was also similar to that of milk, vinegar and sugar-containing fruit juices.

The results showed that the composition of the microbial community of peanut fruit and fruit juices was similar to that of milk, vinegar and sugar-containing fruit juices. The composition of the microbial community of peanut fruit and fruit juices was similar to that of milk, vinegar and sugar-containing fruit juices. The composition of the microbial community of peanut fruit and fruit juices was similar to that of milk, vinegar and sugar-containing fruit juices.

The results showed that the composition of the microbial community of peanut fruit and fruit juices was similar to that of milk, vinegar and sugar-containing fruit juices. The composition of the microbial community of peanut fruit and fruit juices was similar to that of milk, vinegar and sugar-containing fruit juices.

The results showed that the composition of the microbial community of peanut fruit and fruit juices was similar to that of milk, vinegar and sugar-containing fruit juices.

The results showed that the composition of the microbial community of peanut fruit and fruit juices was similar to that of milk, vinegar and sugar-containing fruit juices.

The results showed that the composition of the microbial community of peanut fruit and fruit juices was similar to that of milk, vinegar and sugar-containing fruit juices.
