# Complementary mechanisms by mouse polysaccharides supporting storage of essential gut microbes and resolution of lipid accumulation during gut orthotopic decomposition
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The metabolic efficiency of glucose is a measure of the metabolic rate of the cells being studied (i.e., glucose-grown cells or cells grown in cell cultures). The glucose-grown cells grown in cell cultures are generally more efficient than cells grown in cell cultures at producing glucose. This may be related to the cell culture being a lower quality cell, or to the cell being a low quality cell, in which case the metabolic efficiency of the cells is being used up. The use of glucose-grown cells has led to the development of different strategies for increasing the glucose-grown cell metabolism. In this review, we will focus on the development of different glucose-production strategies, and how these strategies have influenced the evolution of glucose-growth metabolism in the cells studied.


## Introduction
The gut microbiota plays key roles in health, disease, and pathogenesis in humans [1], [2], [3], [4]. It is also involved in the production of bioactive compounds in human food and feed [5]. In recent years, there has been a significant increase in the number of studies describing the potential roles of gut microbiota in human health and disease [6]. However, in current studies, it is unclear whether the gut microbiota can play distinct roles in different diseases. For instance, most studies focused on microbial pathogenesis [7], [8], [9], and a few focused only on the role of gut microbiota in the gastrointestinal tract [10], [11], [12].

In recent years, the majority of the research done on the role of the microbiota in health and disease has been based on studies of small animal models, which may not represent the whole picture of the innate immune system. For example, no studies have compared the bacterial and fungal communities in the intestine [7], [12], [13], [14] and most studies have only considered gut bacterial communities after considering the risk for gastrointestinal symptoms. In addition, for studies of small animal models, such as mice and rats, the composition of the gut microbiota is often far from clear and may not represent the whole picture of the innate immune system. Therefore, it is important to study the role of the gut microbiota in different conditions in different settings.

In this study, we sought to determine the composition of the gut microbiota in different settings and to determine how these variations influence the composition of the gut microbiota in different conditions. To our knowledge, this is the first study to use a large cohort of people with different diets and health conditions to compare the gut microbiota of different groups, and to investigate the role of diet and diet-related factors on the composition of the gut microbiota in different healthy individuals.


## Methods
 were injected via tail vein into the lateral tail vein with 10^7 CFU of PBS-enriched DMEM/FBS/DG (PBS-FBS. After 1 h of infection, the mice were euthanized, and the blood was collected. The blood was lysed using a sterile tissue homogenizer. The tissue was stored at -80°C. The lysates were stored at -20°C.

For lipid accumulation studies, we used a method previously described [27] and adapted for the human gut (see below). Briefly, the gut was removed, and the intact gut was digested with 1 mL of 0.05% trypsin/0.5% EDTA (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA) in 10 mL of 0.5% Tween 20 (TBS). The digestion was centrifuged at 10,000 rpm for 10 min at 4°C, and the supernatant was transferred to a new tube and stored at -80°C. The resultant supernatant was used for lipid extraction.

The lipids from the mouse gut tissues were extracted as previously described [26] with minor modifications. Briefly, the gut tissue was homogenized with 2 mL of 0.5% Tween 20 and 2 mL of 0.5% Tween 80 (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA) in 5 mL of 0.5% Tween 80 (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA) in 1 mL of 0.5% Tween 80 (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA). The homogenates were centrifuged at 10,000 rpm for 10 min at 4°C, and the supernatant was transferred to a new tube. The resulting supernatant was used for lipid extraction. The samples were centrifuged at 10,000 rpm for 10 min at 4°C, and the supernatant was centrifuged again at 10,000 rpm for 10 min at 4°C to remove the remaining residual supernatant. The pellets were resuspended in 1 mL of methanol and stored at -20°C.

After lipid extraction, the gut tissues were separated by centrifugation at 10,000 rpm for 10 min at 4°C.


## Results
As mentioned previously, the microbial composition of the human gut is more complex than that of the mouse gu. A recent study showed that human feces contain more than half a billion microbial community members [43]. Therefore, we hypothesize that the gut microbiome is a valuable tool for evaluating the gut fungal community during the establishment of a human colonized human intestine.

We have previously demonstrated that human gut polysaccharides are a valuable tool to identify different fungal genera and species that are found in the human gut [44]. We reasoned that if we used this tool to examine the microbial composition of the human gut, we would find significant differences in the fungal community composition between the mouse and human gut. To accomplish this, we carried out a multivariate analysis of variance (ANOVA) using a Venn diagram and a Pearson's Chi2 post hoc test to examine the composition of the fungal community in the mouse and human gut. As shown in Fig 2, the composition of the fungal community was significantly different between the mouse and human gut, with a trend of decreasing from day 1 for mouse-purchased FFA to day 7 for FFA. In contrast, the composition of the fungal community in the mouse gut was significantly different, with a trend of increasing from day 1 to day 7 for FFA. This trend was not significant for the other three groups. In addition, there was a significant trend in the composition of the fungal community between groups with the mouse-purchased FFA group showing a trend of decreasing from day 1 to day 7 for FFA. The composition of the fungal community was significantly different between mice and humans with a trend of decreasing from day 1 to day 7 for FFA. These results suggest that the gut microbial community in the mouse gut may be a valuable tool to identify different fungal genera and species that are found in the mouse gut.

Our findings suggest that the mouse gut microbiome may be a valuable tool to identify different fungal genera and species that are found in the mouse gut. The higher prevalence of fungi in the mouse gut may reflect a greater reduction in microbial community diversity, as previously demonstrated in other studies [40], [41], [43], [44].


## Discussion
In addition, mouse gut bacteria are involved in the control of gut-associated resistance to pathogens (Nett et a., 2007), and the gut-associated resistance of individuals with mucormycosis is mediated by the reduced presence of endotoxin in the gut (Muller and Conery, 2012). Consistent with these observations, the genus Guehomyces was found in all of the gut microbiota studied in this study, and the presence of Guehomyces in the gut of mice was found to be associated with intestinal dysbiosis in a human patient (Muller and Conery, 2012).

The bacterial community compositions in the gut of mice, with the exception of Guehomyces, were similar to that of mice but were different from that of mice in the gut of humans. This may be due to the gut-associated resistance of the mice to esophageal and oropharyngeal ulcers, which is caused by gut inflammation, and the occurrence of esophageal ulceration in the gut of humans (Lopez-Villar et al., 2015). Guehomyces was present in the gut of mice but was not found in the gut of mice, suggesting that this species might not be prevalent in gut of humans.

The gut microbiota of mice was similar to that of mice, but the microbiota composition differed significantly from mice, which is consistent with previous observations (Muller and Conery, 2012). The gut microbiota of mice was similar to that of mice, but different from that of mice in the gut of humans. This may be due to the gut microbiota of mice being more adapted to the gut environment, which is often associated with increased bacterial diversity in the gut (Lopez-Villar et al., 2015). Guehomyces has been described in different human tissues and organs (Kabata et al., 2007; Hollenberg and Woloshuk, 2014; Rousk et al., 2015; Janczyk et al., 2016), but this species has not been found in the gut of humans. In contrast, in mice, Guehomyces was present in the gut of mice and was not found in the gut of mice. This may be due to the differences in the immune response between humans and mice (Rousk et al., 2015).
