# Complete Mitochondrial Genome of the Medicinal Mushroom Ganoderma lucidum
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Opportunistic fungal infections (OFIs) are a major cause of morbidity and mortality in immunocompromised patients. The majority of these infections occur in immune competent patients and have a variety of pathways for dissemination and dissemination. In contrast to the recent literature, there is very little information on the pathogenesis of OFIs in these patients. In this review, we summarize the current knowledge regarding the main mechanisms of action of the antifungals, their role in fungal infection and the current understanding of the antifungal resistance mechanisms in this population. Furthermore, we highlight the current understanding of the biology of antifungals used for diagnosing fungal disease and the current evidence to guide the clinical treatment of OFIs.


## Introduction
The fungal kingdom contains a diverse community of organisms with diverse lifestyles and behaviours, which make them highly adapted and can be exploited in various fields of medicine, agriculture, and medicine against various diseases [1]. In addition, they can also be used as diagnostic tools in a number of laboratories [2,3]. In the past two decades, progress has been made in the field of fungal diseases, particularly with the development of molecular identification methods [4,5]. Currently, molecular identification methods include DNA-based methods, including PCR-based methods, and chemical methods, such as cloning and sequencing, that are based on a gene/satellite gene combination.


## Methods
b.ufl.edu/monokaryotic/meda.html) was used to build the MMAG scaffolds for Illumina sequencing of the first-strand cDNA libraries of the MMAG gene cluster. Using the Illumina pipeline, a total of 728,759 cDNA sequences were retrieved from the MMAG scaffolds, which were further screened for errors in the MMAG gene cluster and manually corrected. Then, approximately 75% of the sequences were also identified as errors and were removed from the MMAG scaffolds. In addition, the remaining 9,854,523 scaffolds were manually aligned and assigned to each of the 18 fungal species using the Burrows-Wheeler Alignment (BWA) program [77].

Statistical Analysis
To assess the effect of the different treatments on the expression levels of MMAG, the raw data of the different treatments were normalized to the control group using the formula as follows: where T is the number of the samples divided by the number of cells; N is the number of the cells that are treated with different treatments; and d is the number of cells that are treated with the same number of cells. Therefore, the difference in the expression levels of the different treatments was calculated by the following equation: where (Eq. 1) is the level of expression in the control group, (Eq. 2) is the level of expression in the treatments group, and (Eq. 3) is the level of expression in the treatments group. The significance of the difference in the expression levels of the different treatments was calculated using the Benjamini-Hochberg correction (Benjamini and Hochberg, 1970) and the false discovery rate (FDR) method (Felsenstein, 1985).

To determine the effect of the different treatments on the mean levels of the nuclear gene cluster and its mRNA levels, the values of the nuclear gene cluster mRNA were analyzed using the following equation: where n is the number of nucleotides; C is the number of nucleotide bases; G is the number of nucleotide bases; and H is the number of nucleotide bases. The significance of the difference in the nuclear gene cluster mRNA levels was calculated using the Benjamini-Hochberg correction (Benjamini and Hochberg, 1985).


## Results
We also generated a new Illumina HiSeq assembly (Figure 2) to study the different nuclear division-related genes (Figure 3. The newly sequenced Ganoderma genomes (Ganoderma gen. I, II, III, IV, V, VI, VII, VIII, and X) have large blocks of DNA with smaller nucleotide (dN) and amino acid (aa) content (Additional file 2: Table S5). The sequence alignments are consistent with the total genome size of Ganoderma. The Ganoderma genome encodes nine RNA helicases, seven of which are predicted to be located on the N-terminal (Figure 3).

To further characterize Ganoderma, we sequenced the entire mitochondrial genome of Ganoderma using Illumina HiSeq sequencing. The mitochondrial genome of Ganoderma has three mitochondrial genes, one mitochondrial gene (GenBank accession number JN025855), and one mitochondrial gene (GenBank accession number JN025856). Both the mitochondrial and mitochondrial mitochondrial genomes are similar in structure and genome organization. The mitochondrial genome consists of four contigs with one mitochondrial gene (GenBank accession number JN025857) and one contig with one mitochondrial gene (GenBank accession number JN025858). The mitochondrial genome consists of two contigs with one mitochondrial gene (GenBank accession number JN025858). The nuclear genome consists of one contig with one mitochondrial gene (GenBank accession number JN025858). The nuclear genome consists of one contig with one mitochondrial gene (GenBank accession number JN025859). The nuclear genome consists of two contigs with one mitochondrial gene (GenBank accession number JN025860). The nuclear genome consists of one contig with one mitochondrial gene (GenBank accession number JN025861). The mitochondrial genome consists of one contig with one mitochondrial gene (GenBank accession number JN025862). The nuclear genome consists of two contigs with one mitochondrial gene (GenBank accession number JN025863). The mitochondrial genome consists of one contig with one mitochondrial gene (GenBank accession number JN025864). The nuclear genome consists of one contig with one mitochondrial gene (GenBank accession number JN025865).


## Discussion
In the following sections we have analyzed the sequences of a large number of fungal species, including a single genus, the saprotrophic plant pathogen, and the saprotrophic mushroom Ganoderma lucidum (Figure 6.

Phylogenetic analysis of the fungal sequences from the fungal genomes revealed a number of putative basal and divergent relationships in fungal communities. However, most fungal genes encoding genes related to the metabolic pathways and processes of amino acid metabolism were represented by two or more genes in the fungal genomes. For example, in the saprotrophic fungus, the genes encoding amino acid permeases were present in both genomes. The genes involved in the glycolysis and osmoprotectant pathway were also present in both genomes. For example, the genes encoding genes related to the N-acetylglucosamine synthetase (NAC_006894) and the glycolysis and osmoprotectant pathway were present in both genomes. Another example was the genes encoding genes related to the ATP-dependent protease 1 (NAC_011400) and the catabolic pathway (NAC_011830) (Figure 6).

The gene content in the fungal genomes was also analyzed and found to be higher in the saprotrophic fungus, which represents a significant reduction in the number of genes compared to the saprotrophic fungus. For example, the genes encoding enzymes involved in the catabolic pathways and those involved in the glycolysis and the osmoprotectant pathway were present in both genomes. For example, the genes encoding enzymes involved in the N-acetylglucosamine synthetase (NAC_011400) and the NAC_011830 were present in both genomes. The other genes involved in the glycolysis and the osmoprotectant pathway were also found to be present in both genomes. In the saprotrophic fungus, the genes encoding enzymes related to the glycolysis and the osmoprotectant pathways were present in both genomes. In addition, the genes encoding genes involved in the catabolic pathways and those involved in the glycolysis and the osmoprotectant pathways were also found to be present in both genomes.
