# Comparative Transcriptomics of Stop-Gain Proteins from Vermisporus and Vermisporales in Humans
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Here we report the draft genome sequences of three Raxalostoma cepa isolates, which were collected from their winter host areas in Botswana, Botswana, and South Africa. These isolates were analyzed using combined phenotypic and genotypic methods to infer the phylogenetic relationships among sequences, align genes to in-depth sequence information, and gain insight into the genome structure. Two hundred and twelve isolates were analyzed based on a single genome comparison, and the genus Raxalostoma was most represented. Inbreeding was not detected, even when the population was investigated at the local level, and the R. cepa strains were found to co-occur. These results demonstrate that the genome sequence of R. cepa is a resource of scientific interest, as it reveals not only the genome structure but also the associated biological processes.


## Introduction
The trametes are mostly distantly related to Vermisporium species, and are thought to be descended from two species (Goddard et a. 2006) that were discovered from the African wildflower (Trametes: Trametes, Myctidymidae) and two species (Goddard et al. 2006) that were discovered from the potato (Passalidia: Fagaceae, Euctidymidae) and potato-plants (Taraxacum: Fagaceae, Euctidymidae) fields. The African wildflower is native to Africa, and was first found in Cameroon in 1788 (Sigurbq and M.D. Curtis) (Sigurbq 1925). The African wildflower is highly esteemed for its unique features, including pigmentation, longevity and pigmentation. Pigmentation in the African wildflower is widespread, and can be divided into two types: pigmented and pigmented conidiophores (Goddard et al. 2006). The growth and development of conidiophores are similar in both the African and the African wildflower species. In spite of the importance of the African phytobiome, little is known about the diversity of Trametes and Myctidys. In addition, few studies have been conducted on the diversity of Trametes and Myctidys, and only few papers have reported their taxonomy and ecology (Sigurbq and M.D. Curtis) (Sigurbq 1925, 1927, 1933, 1936, 1937, 1940, 1951, 1952, 1953, 1956, 1957, 1958, 1959, 1960, 1963, 1966, 1967, 1968, 1969, 1970, 1971, 1972, 1973, 1974, 1975, 1976, 1977, 1978, 1979, 1980, 1981, 1982, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, and 2017).


## Methods
Microorganisms and Growth Conditions
The following clinical isolates were used in this study: C. parapsilosis ATCC 22019, C. krusei ATCC 6258, C. tropicalis ATCC 70091, C. krusei ATCC 6258, C. rugosa ATCC 6258, C. parapsilosis ATCC 22019, and C. parapsilosis CRL-28R (serotype A). Each strain was previously confirmed by culture on Sabouraud dextrose agar (SDA; Difco, Detroit, USA) and by sequencing of the A. flavus and C. parapsilosis gene-coding sequences.

Antifungal Agents and Drug Susceptibility Testing
The antifungal susceptibility of the tested strains was determined by using the broth microdilution method according to CLSI (1966) with modifications [29]. Briefly, a. flavus (AB099), <U+03B3>-carboxylic acid (CAGA), and C. parapsilosis ATCC 22019 were incubated in Mueller-Hinton Broth (MHB; Difco, Detroit, USA) at 35 °C for 24 h. C. krusei ATCC 6258, <U+03B3>-carboxylic acid (KCTA), and C. rugosa ATCC 6258 were incubated in Sabouraud dextrose broth (SDB; Difco, Detroit, USA) at 37 °C for 24 h.


## Results
niger is a member of the . niger-like lineage and is believed to have arisen from a horizontal lineage that descended from the common ancestor of ascomycetes [24]. In order to further characterize the A. niger-like lineage and to better understand the evolution of this species, we sequenced the genome of the representative A. niger strain of the genus A. fumigatus. In this strain, A. fumigatus is approximately five times more closely related to the other A. niger isolates compared to the A. niger-like lineage (Figure 2). We confirmed that A. niger is indeed a member of the A. niger-like lineage using Northern blotting and sequencing of A. fumigatus DNA. Sequencing of the A. niger genome revealed that A. fumigatus is highly similar to the A. niger-like lineage (Figure 2). The genome of the representative strain of the A. niger-like lineage was highly similar to the A. niger-like lineage (Figure 2). We also confirmed the presence of a putative stop gene in the genome of the representative strain of the A. niger-like lineage using Southern blotting (Figure 2). The Southern blot analysis revealed a putative gene in the genome of the representative strain of the A. niger-like lineage that was highly similar to the A. niger-like lineage (Figure 2). The putative gene in the genome of the representative strain of the A. niger-like lineage was also highly similar to the A. niger-like lineage (Figure 2). The putative gene in the genome of the representative strain of the A. niger-like lineage was also highly similar to the A. niger-like lineage (Figure 2). The results suggest that the A. niger-like lineage underwent more than one lineage-specific lineage-specific evolutionary event.

The Gene Ontology (GO) term enrichment analysis of GO term enrichment terms for all GO terms indicated that the A. niger-like lineage was enriched in the biological process, cell wall and membrane components, and was highly enriched in the cellular component category. In the biological process, the A. niger lineage was enriched in the category of metabolic process, cellular component, and molecular function. In the membrane, the A. niger lineage was enriched in the category of cellular component.


## Discussion
Streptococcus pyogenes is an endocytic bacterium that is found in water, soil, and foods (Liu et a., 2012). Vermisporus porosum has been described as a contaminant of cereals, water, and other foods (Kohabuchi et al., 2003). Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium is also found in water and foods (Hsieh et al., 2013). Fusarium graminearum has been reported as an endocytic bacterium (Fry et al., 2007) and has been found in the environment and in water (Starr et al., 2009). Microscopically, some endocytic enzymes are involved in the decomposition of organic pollutants (Powell et al., 2010). The endocytic activity of Vermisporus viridis was also recorded in the absence of endosomes in water (Oren et al., 2011).

Microscopically, the endocytic activity of Vermisporus spp. was recorded in the presence of polyphenolic compounds, including flavanols and tannins (Morsch et al., 2015). Flavonols are phytochemicals, mainly produced by bacteria, fungi, and plants. These phytochemicals include flavonoids, flavones, tannins, and a number of flavo- flavanones (Powell et al., 2010). In humans, the endocytic activity of Vermisporus spp. was recorded in the presence of the same phytochemicals as in humans (Takai and Zhao, 2005). A second plant phytochemicals, mainly flavones, were also recorded. This result suggested that the endocytic activity of Vermisporus spp. was mainly influenced by the presence of these phytochemicals.

Trichosporon species were detected in the soil of Vermisporus spp., especially in the grasslands. Most of these species are characterized by their white to opaque fruiting bodies that have dark green to brown color (Powell et al., 2010).
