# Comparative EST analysis identifies putative places in the yeast fermentation stepages of putative Bacillus cumplexidylus strains
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The action of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) on peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) is characterized by the production of antibodies that can protect them from HIV infection. However, the mode of action of these antibodies and the resistance of PBMCs infected with HIV are still unknown. Here we report the characterization of an HIV-derived antibody produced by a B cell line expressing HIV's capsular polysaccharide. This antibody does not contain the Mycobacterium tuberculosis ELISAs, nor contains the capsular polysaccharide that can be detected in the absence of this ELISAs. This is the first characterization of an HIV-derived antibody produced by a B cell line expressing HIV's capsular polysaccharide.

The antigenic epitopes of HIV’s capsular polysaccharide are poorly known and their specificity is still unknown. We report a B cell line expressing HIV's capsular polysaccharide and the antibody showed activity against Mycobacterium tuberculosis and the Mycobacterium avium complex, two mycobacterial species that are common opportunistic pathogens of humans. The antibody showed a specific and significant decrease in Minimal Inhibitory Concentration (MIC) values, which indicated that capsular polysaccharide could be a promising antifungal drug in the treatment of HIV infection. We report a novel phenomenon that enables HIV-derived HIV-derived B cell mycobacteria to evade immune cells by producing antibodies.


## Introduction
Bacillus anthracis, a highly pathogenic bacterium, is a hypermutator in soil-borne, non-nutrient-limited environments. It is commonly found in soil and is the most virulent of the soilborne pathogenic bacteria. The resistance to phlebitis of Bacillus anthracis leads to outbreaks of anthrax, baculomycosis, bacteremia, bacteraemia, and other outbreaks of disease in British Columbia and Washington, D.C. (Prusky, 1995; Olson, 2006; Olson, 2011). In the absence of other virulence factors, B. anthracis is not capable of colonizing macrophages, allowing for an immune response that is required for clearance.

Bacillus fumigatus is a facultative intracellular pathogen that can survive and proliferate inside macrophages (Mulcahy and Miron, 2007). This species is characterized by a highly pigmented cell wall, which is composed of polysaccharides, including galactomannan and ß-(1,3)-D-glucan. Galactomannan is a major component of phagocyte's cell walls and is required for the penetration of macrophages into the phagolysosome (Bartolome and Keller, 2008). The outer layer of the cell wall is characterized by the presence of an extensive number of chitin-binding proteins, including chitin-binding protein 1 (CBP1), chitin-binding protein 2 (CBP2), chitinase-like protein (CCL1), and chitinase-like protein 3 (CCL3) (Park et al., 2009). There are two types of chitin binding proteins, the mannose-binding chitinase-like protein (MBL) and the glucose-binding chitinase-like protein (GCLP). MBL proteins are considered to be the major chitin binding proteins in mammalian cells. They are expressed mainly in macrophages, neutrophils, and dendritic cells (Diniz et al., 2004).


## Methods
A large amount of yeast is present in this type of organisms, but it is difficult to isolate yeast strains from yeast culture. We therefore selected yeast strains which had a high number of yeast colonies on the surface of the polystyrene substrate. We also selected strains from the various yeasts species that are usually present in yeast cultures.

Two major species of C. cumplexidylus: C. cumplexis KW12 and C. cumplexis R. were included in the comparative analyses. The comparative analysis of yeast strains from yeast cultures obtained from polystyrene substrates and polystyrene plates was performed using the nucleotide-based methods. Sequences from GenBank were used as references.

Comparative DNA Extraction (CDR)
For CDR, yeast strains were grown in polystyrene substrates for 6 days at 30°C. For the CDR, the yeast cells were grown for another 6 days in the same substrate. The cells were harvested and flash-frozen in liquid N_2. The cells were then lyophilized and the lyophilized cells were suspended in 10 mL of ddH_2O and washed with 10 mL of lysis buffer (10 mM Tris, pH 7.8, 2 mM EDTA, 20% glycerol, 50 mM benzyl chloroacetic acid, 10 mM dithiothreitol, 1 mM phenylmethylsulfonyl fluoride, 1 mM phenylmethylsulfonyl fluoride, 1 mM phenyl-sulfonyl fluoride, 0.1% SDS, 10 mM ß-glycerol). The lyophilized cells were subsequently suspended in lysis buffer and 1 mL of lysis buffer (50 mM Tris-Cl pH 7.5, 10 mM EDTA, 1% glycerol) was added. The suspension was immediately shaken for 5 min at 100°C. After centrifugation (10,000 rpm for 15 min at 4°C), the supernatant was removed and the pellets were washed with 50 mM Tris-Cl pH 7.5, 10 mM EDTA, 1% glycerol, and 1 mM phenyl-sulfonyl fluoride (PBS).


## Results
The strain was sequenced by a 10,000-bp whole-genome shotgun sequence fusion sequence and EST (Figure 2A. The genomic sequence of the strain NRRL Y-177 had 12,412,632 bp, with a high-quality readout sequence of 4,932,732 bp. The B. cumplexidylus genome is predicted to encode a protein of 497 amino acids with a predicted molecular weight of 246 amino acids. A BLASTx search of the B. cumplexidylus genome using the NCBI nr database identified a gene encoding for a protein of 147 amino acids (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/). In addition, a BLASTx search of the EST sequence of the B. cumplexidylus genome using the BLASTx database identified a gene encoding for a protein of 108 amino acids (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/). BLASTx analysis of the NCBI nr database also identified a gene encoding for a protein of 126 amino acids (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/). BLASTx analysis of the B. cumplexidylus genome using the EST sequence of the strain NRRL Y-177 showed that the genome was highly conserved across all strains tested (Figure 2B). The genome of the B. cumplexidylus strain NRRL Y-177 contained ~99% identity with the reference strain H99 (Table S3). The genome of the strain NRRL Y-177 also contained ~99% identity with the reference strain H99 (Table S3). However, the strain NRRL Y-177 was not as closely related to the reference strain H99 as the strain NRRL Y-177.

The B. cumplexidylus strain NRRL Y-177 was the most similar to the strain H99 and was predicted to contain only a single copy of the C. albicans strain H99. Interestingly, the strain NRRL Y-177 was also more closely related to the strain H99 than the strain H99. The number of copies of the sequence encoding the C. albicans species-specific genes was less than those of the strain H99.


## Discussion
.1.5) and cellulase xylanases (EC 3.2.1.6) producing cellulolytic enzymes (EC 3.2.1.1). These complexes are termed “sub-cellulases” and, in turn, have been reported in the entire set of four other Bacillus species (Holland et al. 2015; Verma et al. 2016). Thus, in our data set, we did not find any complete repertoire of cellulase enzymes in the yeast strain C. albicans, which was only found in the middle of the fermentation process.

The esterase Ectocarpus microtubosa strain is a very recent species to produce esterases and its ability to produce esterase-like esterase activity has been reported to be higher than that of Candida albicans (Vargas et al. 2013). Our data show that in this strain, the production of esterase-like esterase activity is not exclusively dependent on the capacity to produce esterase-like esterase-like esterase-like enzymes in the yeast. In addition, we found that the production of esterase-like esterase activity was dependent on the specific cultivation conditions (Table 1), which could be due to the higher amount of biomass contained in the medium. The use of higher biomass could also be a result of the better extraction efficiency of lignocelluloses, which is typically produced by fermentation of biomass.

Regarding the enzyme activities, we have also observed that the enzyme activity of the Ectocarpus microtubosa strain was higher than that of the Candida albicans strain (Table 1), which is in line with previous studies where the enzyme activity of this strain was higher than that of the other two species (Verma et al. 2016). In addition, the total enzyme activity of the microtubosa strain was higher than that of the other two species (Table 1), which could be due to the higher amount of biomass contained in the medium. The total enzyme activity of the Ectocarpus microtubosa strain was lower than that of the other two species (Table 1), which could be due to the higher biomass contained in the medium.
