# Comparison of RNA-Dependent mRNA Regulation in Dictyostelium discoideum and Dictyostelium citriodecanum during Infection
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The natural product polyketides are a major class of renewable natural products with considerable potential to replace petroleum-based fuels and chemicals. Currently, the major production strategies are extracted from agrochemicals, mainly from paper production. The main difference between these two industries is the lack of a reliable, environmentally friendly method to replace paper wastes. This paper waste can be targeted as a substrate for biotechnological or other renewable bioconversions. Polyketides can be produced as oils from agrochemicals and bioconversions are possible. The main challenges are the production efficiency, such as oils are usually used for the purpose of the production of detergent, and substrate requirements such as the production of biomass sugars, whereas the production costs are low, and the synthetic products are low. In this review, we describe the bioconversion potential of polyketides from paper wastes to biomass sugars and we discuss the many advantages of this process over other conventional methods and we suggest that the current technology used in the current production process of polyketides is not suitable for industrial applications, nor is it suitable for use in biorefineries.


## Introduction
The discovery of the cyanobacterial genus Cng represents an important step in the evolution of eukaryotic phylogeographic history. Cng is among the most important cyanobacterial genera and has been included in the phylogeographic history of more than 50 phylogeographic studies (Bates et al., 2011; Schoch et al., 2012; Tang et al., 2012; Huang et al., 2015; Xiao et al., 2015; Tang et al., 2016). Cng is closely related to the well-known eukaryote genus Lactobacillus (Kozich et al., 2011; Seyedmousavi et al., 2012; Li et al., 2015), which is characterized by two cyanobacterial taxa: Aloysia, which produces an unicellular yeast with a short cell cycle, and Cng andyzibytea, which produces a large and cylindrical yeast (Liao et al., 2016). Currently, more than 20 species of cyanobacteria are known from China (Seyedmousavi et al., 2012; Li et al., 2015), and Cng andyzibytea are among the most abundant cyanobacterial phylogeographic groups (Chou et al., 2015).

Cng andyzibytea are characterized by hyphae with a “stalemate mode”, which makes them unable to grow at acidic temperatures (Zhang et al., 2015). They are classified in the “alter” class and include many pathogens and toxins that are currently classified in the “altered” class (Chou et al., 2015). Alter species include the genus Neocnanoa (Chou et al., 2015), Scedosporium (Chou et al., 2015), Lactobacillus (Chou et al., 2015) and Pneumocystis (Chou et al., 2015). Cng andyzibytea were grouped in the “altered” class due to their increased ability to grow at acidic pH and the absence from other cyanobacterial phylotypes (Chou et al., 2015).


## Methods
The RNA concentration was measured using the RNeasy Plant Mini Kit (Qiagen) following the manufacturer's instruction. The RNA integrity number was verified by quantitative reverse transcription (RT)-PCR using the cDNA of Dictyostelium citriodecanum as an internal control.

Total RNA-dependent mRNA regulation of gene expression was tested in whole cell extracts of Dictyostelium citriodecanum following the method of [58]. The RNA-dependent mRNA transcriptional profile was evaluated by the end-point RNA-dependent mRNA transcription level (OD_600) [59] using a cetyl-tRNA method [58]. The mRNA expression level of Dictyostelium citriodecanum was determined using the Quant-iT RNA-Seq method [60]. The mRNA expression level of Dictyostelium citriodecanum was determined using the Quant-iT RNA-Seq method. The dendrogram was generated by the Prism 6 software (GraphPad Software, San Diego, CA, USA). For comparisons of RNA-dependent mRNA regulation of differentially expressed genes, the Prism 6 software was used.

2.3. RNA-dependent RNA-dependent mRNA transcriptional profiles were tested in whole-cell extracts of Dictyostelium citriodecanum following the method of [61]. The RNA-dependent mRNA transcriptional profile of Dictyostelium citriodecanum was determined using the RNA-dependent transcription level (OD_600) [62]. The dendrogram was generated by the Prism 6 software. For comparisons of mRNA-dependent transcriptional profiles, the Prism 6 software was used.

2.4. Library Construction
RNA-dependent mRNA transcriptional profiles of Dictyostelium citriodecanum were obtained using the CTAB method [63]. The mRNA-dependent transcriptome was determined using the Dictyostelium citriodecanum mRNA-dependent transcriptional profiles.


## Results
discoideum RNA-dependent RNA-dependent mRNA-regulated mRNA (DNDR) gene was investigated in both the Dictyostelium and Dictyostelium citriodecanum population. The DNDR was present in all the Dictyostelium and Dictyostelium citriodecanum populations, with a mean of 1.0-fold increase compared to the control (Figure 6). This RNA-dependent gene was highly expressed in both Dictyostelium and Dictyostelium citriodecanum populations, with a mean of 3.7-fold increase compared to the control (Figure 6). However, when the DNDR was used, it was significantly decreased compared to the control, with a mean of 3.0-fold decrease compared to the control (Figure 6).

Determination of RNA-Dependent mRNA Expression in Dictyostelium Cells during Infection
The RNA-dependent mRNA expression analysis showed that the DNDR gene was highly expressed in Dictyostelium and Dictyostelium citriodecanum populations, with a mean of 1.7-fold increase compared to the control (Figure 7). However, when the DNDR gene was used, it was significantly decreased compared to the control, with a mean of 3.0-fold decrease compared to the control (Figure 7).

To further analyze the role of DNDR in the regulation of Dictyostelium cell development, DNDR gene expression was analyzed in Dictyostelium and Dictyostelium citriodecanum populations. As shown in Figure 8, the mRNA-expression data showed that the mRNA-regulated DNDR gene was significantly decreased compared to the control, with a mean of 2.4-fold decrease compared to the control, and a mean of 3.0-fold decrease compared to the control. The DNDR gene was significantly decreased compared to the control, with a mean of 2.1-fold decrease compared to the control, and a mean of 2.1-fold decrease compared to the control.


## Discussion
As shown in Fig 5A, the survival curves for Dictyostelium discoideum and Dictyostelium citriodecanum are simila. Although Dictyostelium citriodecanum was found to be more resistant to infection with P. striiformis, the survival rate of Dictyostelium citriodecanum was lower than that of Dictyostelium discoideum (0.76 versus 0.35 h^-1, P = 0.01). Dictyostelium discoideum showed a low survival rate in the initial infection stage, which decreased to 0.31 h^-1, P = 0.01). The survival curves of Dictyostelium discoideum for P. striiformis infection showed that there was no survival difference between the two species at the time of detection of infection.

In this study, we found that the mRNA expression of P. striiformis mRNA was regulated by the expression of Dictyostelium citriodecanum genes Dictyostelium citriodecanum and Dictyostelium citriodecanum. Dictyostelium citriodecanum was found to be more efficient at controlling the infection of P. striiformis than that of Dictyostelium discoideum. Dictyostelium citriodecanum showed a high survival rate at the initial infection stage, which decreased to 0.31 h^-1, P = 0.01). Dictyostelium citriodecanum showed a low survival rate in the initial infection stage, which decreased to 0.07 h^-1, P = 0.01).

We also found that the expression of Dictyostelium citriodecanum genes was regulated by Dictyostelium discoideum genes. Dictyostelium discoideum showed a high survival rate in the initial infection stage, which decreased to 0.31 h^-1, P = 0.01). Dictyostelium discoideum showed a low survival rate in the initial infection stage, which decreased to 0.
