# Comparative metagenomics approaches to characterize the microbial diversity of coastal water quality in Northern China
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The Cryptococcus species complex is one of the major pathogens responsible for disease in immunocompetent and immunocompromised patients. Due to the increased prevalence of these diseases, it is necessary to develop new therapeutics for the treatment of cryptococcosis. Cryptococcus species and their derivatives are attractive natural molecules to combat this infection. One such natural molecule is polysaccharides. Polysaccharides play important roles in various biological processes. These compounds are structurally and structurally similar to those found in most other natural molecules. For example, polysaccharides can be classified into glycosylated and non-glycosylated form. Non-glycosylated polysaccharides can also be classified into glycolipid and non-glycosylated sugar form. This review focuses on the polysaccharides isolated from Cryptococcus species, the glycosylated/non-glycosylated form, and the non-glycosylated/glycosylated forms.


## Introduction
The first human case of non-cystic fibrosis (NCT) rheumatoid arthritis was reported in 1957 (1). Subsequently, it has been known for a long time that the “cystic fibrosis” virus (CF) complex can infect a wide range of human hosts (2). The CF complex is divided into four classes based on the presence of cystic hyperplasia: visceral, inflammatory, and non-cystic hyperplasia. The most common infectious agents include Aeromonas aeruginosa, Mycobacterium tuberculosis, and Mycoplasma spp. The most common causes include inhalation of infectious aerosolized particles, and ingestion of infectious particles from contaminated soil and food (3). The symptoms of inflammatory rheumatoid arthritis, especially airway rheumatoid arthritis, include fever, and sometimes seizures, which are caused by the inflammatory virus-like illness M. tuberculosis (4).


## Methods
Strains and culture conditions
The M. sympodialis strains used in this study are listed in Table 1. C. albicans strains and plasmids used in this study are listed in Table 2.


## Results
Based on the sequence data from the Chinese Yangjiang Fungal Community (Ago) and the ISLC Diversity Analysis System (Fig 1), we identified a total of 60 fungal OTUs (Fig 2. Of these, 23 OTUs (16% of the total) were shared among the three sampled locations. We further classified all OTUs into three groups based on sequence similarity to the fungal OTUs identified in the Chinese Yangjiang Fungal Community (Fig 2), representing the genera Malassezia, Malassezia-like, Malassezia-like-like, and Malassezia-like-like (Table S2) and Malassezia-like-like-like (Table S3). The fungal OTUs in each group were named in our phylogenetic analyses based on the OTUs identified in previous phylogenetic analyses (Fig 2). The most common fungal OTU in the three sampling locations were named Malassezia, Malassezia-like, Malassezia-like-like, and Malassezia-like-like. The three sampling locations shared a total of 23 fungal OTUs with Malassezia-like-like, but these OTUs were shared only once (Fig 2). The fungi from the three sampling locations were divided into three groups based on sequence similarity to the fungal OTUs identified in the Chinese Yangjiang Fungal Community (Ago) and ISLC Diversity Analysis System (Fig 2). The fungal OTUs in the three sampling locations were named Malassezia, Malassezia-like, Malassezia-like-like, and Malassezia-like-like. The most common fungal OTU in the three sampling locations were named Malassezia, Malassezia-like, Malassezia-like-like, and Malassezia-like-like (Fig 2). The fungal OTUs in the three sampling locations shared a total of 18 fungal OTUs with Malassezia-like-like, but these OTUs were shared only once (Fig 2).


## Discussion
In this study, we explored the metagenomic data obtained in the present study and compared them with the metagenomic data of other studies conducted in the past decade. We obtained a complete set of metagenomic data from each species and analysis of the genes involved in the biosynthesis of fatty acids, alkaloids, alkaloids, and phenolic acids, including the fatty acid-glucose-phosphatidylinositol (FIP) and fatty acid biosynthesis genes. We found that the composition of the metagenomic data obtained in this study was different from previous studies in China. In addition to the identification of the species-specific genes and the genes involved in the biosynthesis of fatty acids, we also performed genetic analyses of each individual species.

The results show that the metagenomic data are more accurate than the gene-level gene-level data generated by previous studies. The gene-level metagenomic data are more comprehensive than the gene-level gene-level gene-level gene-level metagenomics data. The gene-level metagenomic data can be used as a reference for gene prediction by using a combination of the metagenomic data with the gene-level gene-level gene-level metagenomics data, and gene-level metagenomics is a more accurate method for the prediction of gene functions in the phylum and class of fungi than gene-level gene-level metagenomics. This means that the gene-level metagenomics data can be used to identify species and species-specific genes and genes involved in the biosynthesis of fatty acids, alkaloids, and phenolic acids, and they can be used for the annotation of the genome of fungi.

The gene-level metagenomic data can be used as a reference for gene prediction by using a combination of the metagenomic data with the gene-level gene-level gene-level metagenomics data. The gene-level metagenomic data can be used as a reference for gene prediction by using a combination of the gene-level gene-level gene-level metagenomics data with the gene-level metagenomics data. The gene-level metagenomic data can be used as a reference for gene prediction by using a combination of the gene-level gene-level gene-level metagenomics data with the gene-level metagenomics data.
