# Comparative analysis of putative ecological factors involved in harboring infectious agents in humans
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Chitin deacetylases (CDAs) are enzymes involved in chitin degradation that have been identified in almost all the kingdoms of life and have been found to be more effective than free chitinases in controlling cancer than CDAs. CDAs are produced mainly in plants, animals, and microbes, and their effectiveness is correlated with their resistance to a certain amount of toxic compounds. The present study aimed to find out the molecular mechanisms that explain the susceptibility of some fungi to CDAs. We identified the deacetylated form of chitin in over 50 fungal strains, and analyzed the genes responsible for the resistance to this molecule. The results showed that among the fungal strains that had mutations in the GATA factor, the resistance to CDAs was due to a 50% increase in the specific activity of the enzymes encoded by the fungal GATA genes. These results indicated that the susceptibility of some fungi to CDAs was due to a mutator phenotype, mainly attributed to the loss of a specific gene. Furthermore, we showed that many of the mutated genes were also resistant to the enzymes implicated in cell wall integrity. The results of the present investigation shed light on the importance of the environment for the susceptibility of some fungi to CDAs, and might offer possible targets for the prevention of fungal resistance.


## Introduction
For example, recent studies have found that microbial diversity and rates of infection in humans differ by more than 10 orders of magnitude (Zhang et a., 2012), suggesting that novel microbial strategies may be at work (Van Ende et al., 2012).

The genus Mycosphaerella is generally accepted to be a cosmopolitan genus (Wu and Hu, 2009; Zeng et al., 2013) and several Mycosphaerella species have been associated with many sites of human health. For example, in China, Mycosphaerella species are responsible for cavitary masses and mucosal lesions in both immunocompromised and immunocompetent hosts (Xu et al., 2013; Wu et al., 2013; Hu and Xu, 2014). Mycosphaerella spp. also infect and cause pharyngotozismus, a chronic inflammatory disease of the skin (Liao et al., 2012; Li et al., 2013), as well as scedosporiosis, a serious deep infection that can result in death (Zeng et al., 2013; Wu et al., 2013). Mycosphaerella spp. are endemic to tropical and subtropical regions, but their distribution range is largely restricted to temperate climates. They are important plant pathogens, as they cause disease in humans, which is often chronic, and can progress to disseminated disease in the liver, skin, and mucocutaneous region. The disease is usually associated with respiratory illness, cough, and skin and soft tissue infections (Zeng et al., 2013; Wu et al., 2013).

In the present study, the distribution of the genus Mycosphaerella was determined based on the fungal phylogenetic species and their ecological and host-specific features. Phylogenetic species belonging to the genus Mycosphaerella were also obtained from a large collection of clinical samples collected from various regions in China, and their ecological and host characteristics were compared. We hypothesized that the genus Mycosphaerella will be found in an environment that is not conducive to the infection of human hosts, and that it will be associated with the scedosporia and dermatitis. We hypothesized that the fungus would be restricted to the warm-blooded populations, that it would be found in a habitat that is not conducive to the infection of humans, and that it would be a facultative intracellular pathogen, capable of infecting both humans and animals.


## Methods
subtilis isolate CMA-25 from a sample of the vascular and hematopoietic phases [55] by PCR amplification with universal primers (see Table S2 in the supplemental material. The resulting fragments were then sequenced using BigDye v. 3.1.1 (Applied Biosystems, Foster City, CA, USA) using the same primers as for PCR amplification.

To identify potential orthologues in the species of B. subtilis and B. subtilis, the best-fit model for protein-coding genes was determined using the Pfam database (version 5.0.1, Pfam, Inc., Ann Arbor, MI, USA) and then analyzed by maximum likelihood analysis (ML) analysis using the HKY85 package in MEGA 5.2 (Tamura et al., 2011). The best-fit model for each of the three species was determined by the maximum likelihood method using the PHYLIP package in MEGA 5.2 (Tamura et al., 2011). For each gene, the minimum likelihood method was used to infer the optimal evolutionary model of gene duplication and the bootstrap method with 1000 replications was used to estimate the reliability of the results obtained. The ML analysis was performed with the HKY85 package in MEGA 5.2 (Tamura et al., 2011). The best-fit model for each gene was determined by the maximum likelihood method using the HKY85 package in MEGA 5.2 (Tamura et al., 2011). The program F-INS-i was used to generate the trees in MEGA 5.2 (Tamura et al., 2011).

Protein extraction and Western blot analysis
Protein extraction was performed using standard protocols from the Japan WBS-WTB method [56]. The frozen cell lysate of the isolate CMA-25 was subjected to the following steps: 1) 10 min of centrifugation at 5000×g for 15 min, 2) centrifugation at 3200×g for 15 min, 3) centrifugation at 3200×g for 15 min and 4) resuspension in 30 mM Tris-HCl pH 7.5, and 5% glycerol at the concentration of 15 mM. The sample was heated in a boiling water bath for 30 min, and then centrifuged at 3200×g for 15 min.


## Results
This is consistent with our previous work showing that the human herpesvirus is able to infect human patients and develop germ tube-shaped viruses with a high frequency and intensity, such as that of anaerobic bacteria (2. In addition, the recently described infectious agent-like viruses (E. coli and Salmonella) (3) were shown to have a high susceptibility to the human herpesvirus (4). However, it is unclear whether these fungi are the cause of herpesvirus infection. Future studies are required to determine the mechanism of herpesvirus infection, and if so, the mechanism for the development of E. coli infection.

Our data indicate that the human herpesvirus is a promising opportunistic infection that can infect and infect extensively in humans. However, infection with the human herpesvirus may not be as promising as the clinical opportunistic infection (5). To better understand the development of the pathogenicity of the human herpesvirus, we conducted in vitro susceptibility testing of the human herpesvirus to various antifungal drugs (Fig 4). The sensitivity, specificity, and the dose-response are high for the human herpesvirus infection, which can be divided into three groups. These three groups are given as the cutoff point for the antifungal drug susceptibility testing.

Although the human herpesvirus was able to grow in the presence of many different antifungals, there are some areas where it was capable of resistance. The growth of human herpesvirus in the presence of CIP (concentration not exceeding 5 µg/ml), VRC (10 µg/ml), and VRC-L (minimum concentration over 5 µg/ml), as well as the combination of these drugs (low concentration) may be a challenge for the clinical opportunistic infection.

Antifungal drug resistance
We observed that the human herpesvirus has a high susceptibility to the human herpesvirus antifungal drug amphotericin B. The susceptibility of the human herpesvirus to all the drugs tested was high, with the highest MIC values (Table 2). The MICs of the three tested antifungals are shown in Table 3.

The MIC_50 and MIC_90 values for amphotericin B (0.5 µg/ml) and VRC (0.


## Discussion
Although the ecological niches in which the species were detected are of limited importance, the fact that infectious agents are also available in other hosts, like humans, also adds a dimension to the possibility that these organisms are some of the most common infectious agents in the environment (Chen et a. 2005).

H. capsulatum is a rare species isolated from human skin. Infection by H. capsulatum is uncommon and difficult to diagnose, but H. capsulatum is capable of infecting different human hosts. This species is known to cause opportunistic infections in humans as well as other immunocompromised hosts (Roemer and Casadevall 2009). It has been isolated from humans in studies on HIV and AIDS patients (Chen et al. 2005). This species is also reported in various studies of agricultural and animal health in the USA (Lopez-Flucon et al. 2011). The finding of H. capsulatum in humans and the isolation of this species in the laboratory suggests that human infections are the main causes of infection with this fungus in humans. This finding is important in the understanding of the disease caused by H. capsulatum, as this pathogen is thought to cause a variety of human diseases. This pathogen has been found in human skin, urine, blood and gastrointestinal contents (Wu et al. 2012). In this study, the isolates of this species in humans were found to be associated with two distinct genera, H. capsulatum and H. capsulatum-related species, which were not detected in the previous study. The similarity between the two genera makes it logical to hypothesize that this species represents a new taxon within the genus Heterobasidion. In addition, the isolation of this species from human skin and urine (as well as the other two genera) makes this hypothesis less likely.

In the present study, the majority of the isolates were from humans, suggesting that this species is not the primary pathogen for humans. However, the isolates from blood and urine were highly similar. A possible explanation could be that the pathogen may be present in these blood and urine samples in the patient's hospital setting. This result could be most likely due to the possibility of H. capsulatum infection in patients. H. capsulatum is a thermotolerant pathogen which causes severe fever and is usually present in the upper respiratory tract (Vladeck et al. 1999).
