# Computation-Driven Analysis of Macrocyclase-Specific Flanking Cotton Proteins
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Plant yield has remained remarkably unchanged over past decades. However, as the availability of next-generation sequencing technologies has advanced, the utility of these resources has significantly increased. The diversity of microbial strains that reside in a field environment and reflects the impact of new technologies on the supply of these resources has become clear. Here we review current and future studies on the impact of new technologies on plant yield and secondary metabolites production, as well as microbial biodiversity and functional genomics. In addition, we highlight the impact of new technologies on the distribution of these resources, and discuss the impact of new sources of information, such as the microbiome, on secondary metabolites production and diversity in crop yields. We also highlight the impact of new sources, such as the microbiome, on secondary metabolites production and diversity in yield.


## Introduction
Invasive fungal infections (IFIs) can cause significant morbidity and mortality in critically ill patients (Diniz et al., 2017). Candida spp. are the fourth most common cause of IFIs in critically ill patients, with mortality rates of 70-80% (Hata et al., 2015; Pfaller and Diekema, 2014). In particular, Candida spp. are the fourth most common cause of candidemia in hospitalized patients, with Candida infections accounting for ~5% of all candidemia cases (Grattapaglia et al., 2017). The overall incidence of candidemia in the USA is estimated to be ~20 cases per 100,000 inhabitants (Grattapaglia et al., 2017). Candida albicans is the most common species in the USA, while Candida tropicalis, C. parapsilosis and C. glabrata account for most of the cases (Pfaller and Diekema, 2014). It is estimated that the annual incidence of candidemia in the USA is ~1.5 cases per 100,000 inhabitants, while in the EUC study, the annual incidence was 2.8 cases per 100,000 inhabitants (http://ec.


## Methods
The PFIs of . mansoni were calculated by an FPI of ~1,000,000,000 in the following equation: PF1 = (PF1-PF1)/(PF1 - PF1). The following FPI values were used: PF1: 0.015; PF2: 0.004; PF3: 0.002.

The FPI values of S. mansoni were considered as positive values and their corresponding FPI values as negative values.

Data Processing
The Proline Analysis Tool (PAT) was used to identify PFIs that could be significantly associated with virulence of C. neoformans in non-host animals. The PAT was then used to identify PFIs that could potentially be associated with a virulence profile that is significantly different from that of the mock-infected animals. The PAT was then used to assign PFIs to each of the eight groups (group 1: S. mansoni, group 2: S. mansoni-infected, group 3: non-infected, group 4: non-infected). The PAT was then used to calculate the P-value for each P-value = 0.05. The P-values of the 8 groups were then calculated for each P-value = 0.05. The P-values of group 4 were then calculated for the P-value = 0.05 = 0.02. The P-values of group 5 were then calculated for the P-value = 0.05 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.01 = 0.


## Results
In fact, all the yeast species studied (including . neoformans, S. cerevisiae, C. albicans, and S. pombe) were well-conserved in the flanking sequences (Figure 4A). All these conserved proteins were shared among the seven species studied, including three of the four largest families of covalent flanking proteins: flavohemoprotein (FHA1), flagellin-like protein (FLA1), and alpha-1,4-mannosyltransferase (AIG1). In addition, three proteins were found in each of the three major families of covalent flanking proteins (flagellin-like protein (FLA1, FLA2, and FLA3), alpha-1,4-mannosyltransferase (AIG1), and alpha-1,4-mannosyltransferase (AIG2) in Figure 4A; the alpha-1,4-mannosyltransferase was found in all the fungal species studied). This suggests that the proteins in these three families may be involved in several functions, such as protein fate or assembly.

Although not universally conserved in the flanking sequences, flagellin-like proteins were highly conserved in all fungi studied (Figure 4A). All the fungal species studied shared flagellin-like proteins in the flanking sequences, including all three major families of covalent flanking proteins, flavohemoprotein, alpha-1,4-mannosyltransferase, and alpha-1,4-mannosyltransferase (Figure 4A). In addition, all the three major families of covalent flanking proteins, flavohemoprotein, alpha-1,4-mannosyltransferase, and alpha-1,4-mannosyltransferase, were found in the flanking sequences in the flanking sequences (Figure 4A). This suggests that the proteins in these three families may be involved in many functions, such as protein fate or assembly.


## Discussion
fumigatu. The transposable element transposons have been shown to be highly expressed in A. fumigatus in response to environmental changes, and transposon activity is thought to be an important virulence determinant of this species [50]. We also used the Gal4 homolog GAL4 to determine the relative expression of the transposable element Gal4p in A. fumigatus, which is the most highly expressed gene in A. fumigatus. The Gal4 homolog, GAL4p1 (GenBank Accession No. A0979067), is a dsRNA/DsD-like gene that encodes a dsRNA-like protein, which is a member of the Dicer family of dsRNA-like proteins (DsDPs). It has been reported that in A. fumigatus, Gal4p1p is upregulated in response to stress conditions, such as high temperature and high pH [50]. In addition, Gal4p1p also affects the expression of the second transposon-encoding gene, tcD (GenBank Accession No. A0979068), in response to osmotic and oxidative stresses [50]. Since Gal4p1p is the highest expressed gene in A. fumigatus, it is expected that Gal4p1p would be also expressed in A. fumigatus, since the Gal4p1p homolog of A. fumigatus is the most highly expressed gene in this species.

To further study the biological role of Gal4p1p, we used a recombinant protein (GAL4p1) from the transposable element Gal4p1p as a surrogate marker for the expression of transposable elements. We confirmed that this protein displays a strong expression in response to high temperature, high pH, and osmotic and oxidative stresses, as well as a strong expression in response to filamentous growth and hyperosmotic stress (Fig 1).
