# Competition assays and physiological experiments of soil and animals identify Candida subhashii genotypes and delineate the mode of infection of Chlamydia trachomatis
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Aspergillus fumigatus is a deadly opportunistic fungal pathogen that causes life-threatening infections of lungs and other tissues. Current therapies for treatment of aspergillosis rely on drugs that target key cellular players, such as the transcription factor Burkholderia cepacia in response to reactive oxygen species (ROS) released by the host. Antibiotics are currently available to treat invasive fungal infections, and the development of new therapies is the primary challenge posed by the fungus. Development of novel antifungal drugs is a daunting task, and there is a need for the development of new delivery systems for the treatment of aspergillosis. In this study, we developed a delivery system that utilizes the host proteasome to specifically deliver Fusarium solani yeast cells to recipient cells, increasing the adherence, biofilm production, and resistance to oxidative stress.


## Introduction
Immune disruption of cellular immunity is a hallmark of cancer. Cancer cells fail to respond to treatment and die from uncontrolled immune responses. In fact, cancer is remarkably resistant to the use of immune-based therapies and their derivatives. This resistance is explained by the fact that cancer cells are devoid of endogenous immunoglobulins and the loss of both innate and acquired immunity is the major mechanism by which cancer cells escape immune attacks. Although the mechanisms that control cancer cell immunity are largely similar to those of immune cells, the mechanisms involved in cancer pathogenesis are different. Cancer cells are highly efficient cells in the induction of the immune response and are therefore called adaptive immune cells. The loss of innate immunity can be triggered by several causes including cancer stem cell depletion, immunosuppression, and infections such as sarcoidosis, tuberculosis, and pneumocystosis. In cancer stem cells, the loss of MHC class II molecules results in an increase of pro-inflammatory cytokines, including tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-a), interleukin (IL-6), and interleukin-2 (IL-12), and the lack of other molecules in the MHC class leads to an increased frequency of T-cell activation and high frequency of apoptosis in cancer cells (1). A key cell type for the development of adaptive immunity in cancer is the tumor microenvironment (TME), which is composed of highly enriched microorganisms that colonize tumors and are involved in the regulation of several biological processes, such as cell proliferation, differentiation, metastatic potential, and metastatic progression (2). TMEs are associated with various metabolic processes, such as cell adhesion, cell migration, apoptosis, and tumor progression (3-5). In cancer cells, the interaction of microorganisms with the TMEs is crucial for the development of TMEs that promote tumorigenesis and progression. Several studies have shown that TMEs are involved in the control of the proliferation, differentiation, metastasis, and metastatic potential of cancer cells by regulating the expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines and chemokines, as well as the activation of cancer cells and the production of chemokines.


## Methods

The methods of the present study were carried out in accordance with the recommendations in the Guide for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals of the National Research Council, and in compliance with relevant guidelines and regulations of the National Animal Protection Agency (license number A204865, N.141115, France) and the European Convention for the Protection of Vertebrate Animals Used for Experimental and other Scientific Purposes (European Treaty Series, no. 123, dated 1 July 1997).

The assays were performed on a Bactec 12-color microtiter plate reader (Becton, Franklin, MA, USA) with an inoculum size of 5 × 10^6 colony-forming units (CFU)/ml in RPMI 1640 medium (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA). The plates were incubated at 37°C for 48 h and subcultured every 24 h. For environmental conditions, five animals per condition were used. The following stressors were used in the assays: 5% CO_2, 5 mM H_2O_2, 0.4 mM Na_2HPO_4, 2 mM NaF_2, and 0.1 mM NaNO_3. The experiments were carried out in a 5% CO_2 atmosphere (37°C) and an average CO_2 level of 5 mM was used for all the experiments. The assay solutions were prepared in a 1:1 ratio of C. subhashii to non-C. subhashii Candida strains.

For the measurements of the cell-cell interactions, Candida strains were grown in YPD at 28°C and 90 rpm for 16 h in a shaking incubator (160 rpm). The cells were harvested by centrifugation at 5000 × g for 10 min, washed three times with PBS, and resuspended in PBS. The cell-cell interactions were measured using a Beckman Coulter^® ELISA plate reader (Beckman Coulter, Inc., Becton, Franklin, MA, USA). The assay solutions were prepared in a 1:1 ratio of C. subhashii to non-C. subhashii Candida strains.

2.7.


## Results
albican. Several strains were isolated from C. albicans culture samples. We have obtained a high level of fungal DNA in C. albicans culture (Table 1). In this assay, two strains, C. albicans CIR19 and C. dubliniensis CUB1, were isolated, and C. albicans strain JEC21 was isolated from one of the two C. dubliniensis culture samples.

Analysis of the virulence of C. albicans strains isolated from human patients
We obtained virulence data for C. albicans strains from three different human subjects: a male who had undergone infection with C. albicans and two female patients with a chronic infection of C. albicans. A single C. albicans strain was isolated from both the two patients. In the third patient, a male with a chronic infection of C. albicans and a single C. dubliniensis was isolated. The virulence data for C. albicans strains from these patients are presented in Table 2.

Overall, we obtained 16 differentially virulent strains in the three patients. All strains were susceptible to the antifungal agent fluconazole (MIC >4 µg/ml) and to a range of antifungal compounds such as amphotericin B (MIC >5 µg/ml) and voriconazole (MIC >256 µg/ml).

The virulence of C. albicans strains isolated from patients with chronic infection of C. albicans was compared to the virulence of C. dubliniensis strains isolated from patients with chronic infection of C. albicans. The virulence data for C. albicans strains isolated from patients with chronic infection of C. albicans are presented in Table 3.

For the virulence data, we obtained 4 differentially virulent strains in the three patients. All strains were susceptible to fluconazole (MIC >256 µg/ml) and amphotericin B (MIC >5 µg/ml) and to a range of antifungal compounds such as amphotericin B (MIC >256 µg/ml) and voriconazole (MIC >256 µg/ml).

Overall, we obtained 1,717 and 1,457 differentially virulent C. albicans strains, respectively.


## Discussion
 2018; Horieux et a., 2018; Dong et al., 2019). The human pathogen C. krusei has been shown to compete with other members of the Chlamydophila complex, but not with other members of the fungi (Huang et al., 2018; Huang et al., 2019). C. krusei is a novel member of the Chlamydophila complex, which includes the yeast fungus A. pullulans. Our results strongly suggest that C. krusei is an extremely virulent and heterogeneous member of the Chlamydophila complex.

The fungal cell wall has been shown to be highly protective against various stresses, including stress and oxidative stress (Du et al., 2009; Romano et al., 2013). The chitin has been shown to be a major structural component in the fungal cell wall and plays a role in protecting the cell from environmental stressors (Khan et al., 2015). The chitin-like structures are also found in the cell wall of other species of fungi, such as Neurospora crassa and A. fumigatus (Yu et al., 2015). The fungus A. pullulans is a member of the Chlamydophila complex that includes the yeast fungus C. krusei. The fungus has been shown to be highly resistant to the host defense mechanisms, including temperature changes, oxidative and osmotic stress (Du et al., 2009; Ho et al., 2019). C. krusei, a novel member of the Chlamydophila complex, was found to be resistant to several stresses, including hypoxia, oxidative and osmotic stresses (Ruijter et al., 2012).

The presence of a single chitin synthase gene (CpG_05636) in the genome of C. krusei could be the result of a gene duplication event. The CpG_0616 gene encodes a homologous protein with a high sequence similarity to a gene encoding a chitin synthase of A. pullulans (Hou et al., 2018). The homologous protein was identified as CpG_0616 in this study, which is found to be homologous to a gene encoding a chitin synthase in C. parapsilosis, and was subsequently identified in C. elegans and human genome.
