# Compounds from Black Schmalta sp. Other Fungi: Comprehensive Mechanisms for Antifungal Activity and Cytokine Profiling
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Autophagy and the production of reactive oxygen species (ROS) are crucial processes in maintaining cellular homeostasis. ROS are primarily eliminated by the immune system as a consequence of the lack of overt fungal disease, starvation or the use of toxic compounds. The in vitro anti-fungal activity of a single-cell fungal model of Aspergillus fumigatus is comparable to that of a well-established antifungal, Candida albicans. However, the identification of the specific fungal components necessary for A. fumigatus elimination is difficult. Here, we used high-throughput sequencing of the internal transcribed spacer (ITS) region to identify the components required for ROS elimination by A. fumigatus. A 1,024-bp bisulfite-based DNA-binding protein complex required inositol is a key regulatory component of the ROS scavenger 2a-demethylase (R2D). The bisulfite protein displayed high homology with the human Rdp1/Sp4 (R2D RSD-Spizio) complex and with other regulators of oxidative stress, suggesting that it is transcriptionally regulated by the A. fumigatus Rdp1/Sp4 complex. A single-transport spacer composed of 16 rRNA genes from the A. fumigatus rsd-type strain (Af293.1) and the A. fumigatus rsd-type (Af293.2) was sufficient to eliminate all 14 A. fumigatus strains tested in vitro. However, the virulence of strains lacking rsd-type genes was significantly reduced compared with strains with rsd-type genes. These results suggest that A. fumigatus is more virulent in a RAW not A. fumigatus-defective mutants but that virulence of A. fumigatus-defective strains is not related to the overexpression of virulence-associated proteins.


## Introduction
Numerous fungal pathogens cause severe and disseminated infections in humans. These infections can be as superficial as skin, mucosal and ocular lesions and as invasive as central nervous system (CNS) infections. Systemic fungal infections are most common in immunocompromised hosts, including HIV positive individuals, organ transplant recipients, patients on immunosuppressive therapy and patients on prolonged corticosteroid therapy. Invasive fungal infections (IFIs) are a major cause of morbidity and mortality in these patients (Fisher et al. 2009). Opportunistic fungal infections (OIs) are increasingly recognized as a leading cause of life-threatening infections in HIV patients (Krokene & Slippers 2009).

There are currently more than 200 fungal species recognized as pathogenic species of humans, animals and plants. However, only a few of these are capable of causing life-threatening diseases in humans. For example, Cryptococcus neoformans, Histoplasma capsulatum, Blastomyces dermatitides and Candida albicans (Krokene & Slippers 2009) are the major cause of morbidity and mortality in patients with HIV infection.


## Methods
These studies included two clinical isolates of . aureus (MS-LU, NMR (NMR)): The clinical isolate (MS-M), obtained from a patient with malignancy, was used to obtain the antifungal activity (AA) in 2009. The virulent strain, MS-G, was obtained from a patient with malignant lung disease. The virulent strain, MS-Q, was obtained from a patient with acute leukemia. The cell line, C. albicans SC5314, was obtained from a patient with pulmonary cryptococcosis. The cell line, C. glabrata CBS138, was obtained from a patient with acute mycosis. The yeast cell line, C. tropicalis KU-9, was obtained from a patient with pulmonary cryptococcosis. The cell line, C. krusei, was obtained from a patient with acute mycosis. The yeast cell line, C. parapsilosis, was obtained from a patient with acute mycosis. The yeasts, C. guilliermondii, were obtained from a patient with chronic pulmonary pulmonary aspergillosis. The yeast cells were also obtained from a patient with acute mycosis. The antifungal activity of these compounds were analyzed by SDS-PAGE and western blot analyses, respectively.

3.7. Antifungal Activity of Schenckia Flour
The antifungal activity of these compounds was studied using a modified Fungal Growth Inhibitor-Based (FM-BI-BS-BP) method [26]. The assay was performed in 96-well plates with FK506 (Sigma-Aldrich) and an appropriate FK506 inhibitor (MB-F, Calbiochem) in the appropriate ratio of a final concentration of 0.5, 0.125, 0.125, and 0.125 µg/mL. The assay was performed with FK506 and MB-F in the same ratio, 0.5, 0.125, 0.125, 0.125, and 0.125 µg/mL. The samples were incubated at 37°C for 24 h. The minimal inhibitory concentrations (MICs) of the compounds were determined according to the CLSI M27-A3 [27] and CLSI M38-A2 [28].


## Results
smegmatis strains isolated from the agar (Table 3) are listed in Table . We performed a comparative analysis of the antifungal activity of the three strains in a range of concentrations (1 to 1.5 µg/mL) against the yeast Candida albicans, M. bovis, M. fructicola, M. kansasii, and M. violaceum (Table 3). The MICs for all three strains were as follows: 0.24 µg/mL, 0.06 µg/mL, and 0.25 µg/mL, respectively. The MICs for M. bovis and M. violaceum were 0.25 µg/mL and 0.25 µg/mL, respectively. A comparison of the antifungal activity of the three M. smegmatis strains against other yeasts showed that all strains had similar MICs of 1 µg/mL, 2 µg/mL, and 4 µg/mL, respectively.

Antifungal Activity of Black Schmalta Sp. Other Fungi
The results of the antifungal activity of the three strains in a range of concentrations (1 to 1.5 µg/mL) against the yeast Candida albicans, M. bovis, M. fructicola, M. violaceum, M. violaceum, and M. violaceum (Table 3) are presented in Table 4. The MICs for all three strains were as follows: 0.25 µg/mL, 0.24 µg/mL, and 0.25 µg/mL, respectively. The MICs for M. bovis and M. violaceum were 0.25 µg/mL and 0.24 µg/mL, respectively. A comparison of the antifungal activity of the three strains against other yeasts showed that all strains had similar MICs of 1 µg/mL, 2 µg/mL, and 4 µg/mL, respectively.

Phytochemical Screening of the Three Strains
All three strains were screened for their antimicrobial activities against the three Candida species and M. violaceum. The following antimicrobial tests were performed: MIC, MFC, and MIC_100 values for the three strains were determined for the three Candida species and M.


## Discussion
.S.
The identification of compounds from these fungi has important implications for the understanding of the molecular mechanisms that enable antifungal activity. As mentioned, some of these compounds have very low cytotoxic effects and are not toxic to mammalian cells. Although many studies have demonstrated their potential to increase the antifungal activity of plants, little has been reported on the biological activities of these compounds. Furthermore, the use of these compounds in the pharmaceutical field has been hindered by a lack of molecular genetic and biochemical evidence for the molecular mechanisms by which they are produced. Therefore, the syntheses of these compounds are still subject to experimental limitations. In this study, we aimed to synthesize a compound with low cytotoxic activity against a Fusarium sp. and establish its antifungal activity. The main goal was to determine the chemical structure of the compounds, which was then established by different methods.

In the present study, the structure of the compounds was determined by several methods, including the isolation of the cysteine at positions 14-33 and the gel condensation with phenolic acid. The phenolic acid derivatives, cinnamaldehyde, ethyl acetate, tetracycline and cinnamaldehyde, were also tested. The results showed that the compounds were active against Fusarium sp. ATCC 42728 and Fusarium sp. ATCC 23359.

The structures of the compounds from Fusarium sp. ATCC 42728 and Fusarium sp. ATCC 23359 were identical. The molecular formula of the compounds was identified as C-COOH.

The pharmacological activity of these compounds has been investigated in several studies, as well as in several other fungi. However, the molecular mechanisms involved in the antifungal activity of the compounds have not been well-understood. In some cases, the mechanism of action was not understood in the same way as in other fungi. For example, the C-COOH group may be involved in the biosynthesis of ß-1,3-glucan, a type of melanin, which has been reported to be important in the antifungal activity of some compounds. In other cases, the compounds may be involved in the biosynthesis of other metabolites.
