# Comparative Transcriptome Analysis of Zebrafish Using Pre-Load Media Encoding Charcoal Oxidase
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The potential of next-generation sequencing (NGS) for construction of genome-wide association studies (GWAS) is under examination. The objective of the study was to evaluate the performance of three different methods (Golem Square and Roche 454 protein mapping) and their evaluation for the evaluation of the performance of an NGS approach. A total of 35 GWASes were identified from 454 GWASes databases. The presence of SNPs (n = 3) in the genomes of 3 of the detected GWASes was statistically significant (OR = 0.34, 95% CI: 0.13-0.86) and the expression of these GWASes was significantly modulated in terms of expression over time. The presence of genes involved in secondary metabolite synthesis and other pathogenicity processes was indicated for all detected genes. The enzyme(s) responsible for secondary metabolite production, including vesicular protein synthesis and ribosomal protein architecture, were highly expressed in the detected genes. This study provides the first evaluation of the performance of a NGS approach in the evaluation of GWASes and identifies genes involved in the secondary metabolite production, which may be used as reference for the evaluation of gene function and gene prediction and genomics studies.


## Introduction
The second stage involves the analysis of a comparative transcriptome of the wild-type Zebrafish intestine under scanning electron microscopy and is usually done following these guidelines (Husain and Husain, 2016. The third stage involves the analysis of a comparative transcriptome of the wild-type Zebrafish intestine under scanning electron microscopy, using a small subunit protein (SRA1/SRA2) and is usually done following these guidelines (Husain and Husain, 2016).

Although the initial approach involves high-throughput sequencing (HTS), the optimization of the analysis is also based on analysis of the whole genome. As a consequence of the advent of next generation sequencing technologies (NGS), a large number of sequence reads are available in the complete genome of an organism, therefore, the analysis of whole genome sequences is possible, and therefore, has been considered as a strategy for the comparative analysis of whole genome sequences. Although, sequence reads available in whole genome sequencing (WGS) are relatively large compared to whole genome sequences, they can still be used for comparative analyses of whole genome sequences, because the whole genome sequences can be reconstructed by comparative analysis of species and/or strain-specificities of each genome. The same can be said about whole genome sequences, because comparative analyses can be done using whole genome sequence data, which is usually obtained by sequencing of individual microarray reads from the whole genome. The comparison of whole genome sequences is therefore considered as a strategy for comparative analysis of whole genome sequences.

In the present work, we compared the transcriptome of the wild-type Zebrafish, which is a model for comparative transcriptome analysis, using the Illumina-based SRA1/SRA2 large subunit nuclease protein. The analysis of transcriptomes in the whole-genome comparison was performed by scanning electron microscopy (SEM) and analyzing the mRNA and protein levels of the wild-type Zebrafish by comparing the transcriptome levels with those of the other organisms. The analysis of transcriptome data was done using a large number of individual samples and the main objective was to determine the complete transcriptome of the Zebrafish by comparing the transcriptome levels with those of the other organisms.


## Methods
Three different media were used for cell extraction: 1 ml sterile complete YPD medium, 1 ml RPMI 1640 medium, 1 ml YPD, and 1 ml RPMI medium (pH .0). After cell extraction, the cell pellets were washed twice with 10 ml of sterile PBS and resuspended in the same medium. The cell density was adjusted to 1 × 10^6 cells/ml. The plates were kept at 37°C and 5% CO_2 until further use. The cell wall extracts were prepared using the same media and used at the same concentration, except the cell wall extracts were used at a final volume of 100 µl.

Generation of the GFP-Zebrafish Strains
The Zebrafish Strains were created as described in [34] with some modifications. Briefly, a 2 × 10^6-spore/ml culture of Zebrafish was cultivated in 200 ml of YPD medium in a shaking incubator at 37°C, 5% CO_2. After 24 h of culture, the cultures were harvested by centrifugation, washed with distilled water, and resuspended in the same media. The cells were inoculated into 500 µl of fresh YPD medium and incubated at 37°C, 5% CO_2. The number of spores in the culture was counted after 24 h of growth. The number of zebrafish cells was counted by using a Neubauer chamber and the number of zebrafish cells counted by using a hemocytometer.

The GFP-Zebrafish Strains were cultured in 24-well plates (Corning) at 37°C, 5% CO_2. A total of 10 µl of 10^6 spores/ml was added to each well. Plates were incubated at 37°C, 5% CO_2 and allowed to cool to room temperature. After 24 h, the cells were collected by centrifugation and washed with distilled water. After cell harvest, the Zebrafish strains were maintained in YPD medium, YPD medium, and YPD medium without antibiotics. The media was replaced with fresh media at the same concentration.


## Results
elegans and three strains of . cerevisiae for different time intervals, over the course of a two-day period. We chose two strains of C. elegans to test the impact of pulverulent ascomycete strains on the carbon source utilization. The strains were grown in liquid, nutrient-poor medium (yeast extract-peptone-dextrose (YPD) [yeast extract-peptone-dextrose]) for 2, 4 and 8 days, and the carbon source was detected using standard quantitative RT-PCR (Figure 4A). The carbon source was characterized by the presence of glucose, trehalose and malic acid. As previously reported, C. elegans strains that were subjected to high concentrations of fructose, mannitol, mannitol-fructose-phosphate (G-fructose-phosphate), glucose, and mannitol-fructose-phosphate (G-mannose) have a preference for mannose-6-phosphate (6-PP) (9, 11, 13), and 6-PP (6-PP) (12, 14), whereas those of S. cerevisiae strains are more interested in mannose-6-phosphate (6-PP) (15, 16). The six-PP conversion efficiency was used to evaluate the ability of strains of C. elegans to utilize 4-P (4-PP) as an alternative carbon source. Figure 4B demonstrates that the six-PP conversion efficiency of strains of C. elegans is similar to those of S. cerevisiae, in that the corresponding carbon source is metabolized by the yeast to 6-PP. The three-P conversion efficiency is consistent with those of S. cerevisiae. The performance of the three strains of C. elegans is more similar to that of S. cerevisiae than to S. cerevisiae, since the corresponding carbon source is metabolized by the yeast to 6-PP (Figure 4B). The expression of the six-PP genes is similar to those of S. cerevisiae, with no difference between strains of S. cerevisiae and S. cerevisiae.


## Discussion
% of the total genome. This is consistent with the capacity of the parasite to use various proteins to sense different environmental conditions. In addition to the uncharacterized genes, the transcriptome analysis of zebrafish is limited to the Zebrafish-specific proteomes. We also failed to identify any Zebrafish-specific proteins (our initial identification of zebrafish-specific proteomes in this study is still preliminary), suggesting that these proteins are not being generated by other vertebrates. The transcriptome analysis for this parasite suggests that the majority of its proteomes are not derived from human-derived proteomes. The majority of proteins that are still present in this parasite were identified by analyzing the proteomes of the RNA-seq experiments (Table S6), suggesting that the majority of these proteins are not being derived from the RNA-seq experiments. Taken together, these results suggest that there is a high level of biological significance for the capacity of the parasite to sense environmental changes.

The diversity of mammalian and vertebrate proteomes suggests that the ability of this parasite to sense environmental changes is universal. Therefore, our results suggest that this parasite has evolved a mechanism that enables it to adapt to a wide range of environmental changes. Further studies are required to identify and characterize the proteins and genes that are required to cope with such a range of environmental conditions. The presence of a wide range of biological and evolutionary significance for the ability of this parasite to sense and respond to environmental changes is of fundamental importance to understand the mechanisms underlying the capacity of this parasite to sense and respond to environmental changes.

Zebrafish show high metabolic flexibility
The genome of zebrafish is largely homogeneous and contains relatively few genes. This is a remarkable property, considering that the human genome has approximately half of the genome of zebrafish. We found that approximately 4% of the gene set are present in only one of the 639 candidate genes. This number is close to the metabolic flexibility of mammals [36]. To estimate the metabolic flexibility of the invertebrates, we used the ratio of metabolic flexibility (PUF) to adaptation to nutrient starvation [37]. We found that ~60% of the candidate genes are expressed in higher concentrations in zebrafish than in humans (Table S8).
