# Conserved S-deacetyl-type compounds in propolis and its role in the production of acetic acid
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Aspergillus fumigatus is the most common agent of invasive aspergillosis, a feared condition that can lead to death of healthy individuals. The human immune system is capable of recognizing the growth of A. fumigatus, mainly through the use of pattern recognition receptors (PRRs) such as TLR2 and TLR4. However, the role of TLR signaling has also been rarely described in the aspergillosis host. In this study, we first examined the role of TLR signaling by A. fumigatus in a murine model of pulmonary aspergillosis. This approach led to the identification of a third member of the family of TLR-dependent PRRs, the Toll-like receptor family (TLR-RNFR) kinase I, and highlighted the role of TLR signaling by A. fumigatus in a murine pulmonary aspergillosis. We then investigated the role of TLR signaling by A. fumigatus in a murine model of pulmonary alveolar proteinosis. Our results demonstrated that A. fumigatus TLR-RNFR plays a role in the activation of the inflammatory response and induces the spore foci in A. fumigatus hyphae. Furthermore, A. fumigatus TLR-RNFR promoted the host-pathogen interaction and the progression of aspergillosis. Collectively, these results provide insight into the mechanism of TLR-mediated recognition in A. fumigatus and provide a novel strategy for the treatment of A. fumigatus infection.


## Introduction
The ever-increasing accessibility of molecular biology tools in recent years has made possible the study of diverse organisms in new and unexpected ways. In particular, the use of next-generation sequencing (NGS) has enabled the study of marine organisms without prior knowledge of their life history. NGS technologies allow for the study of the evolution of reproductive structures and reproductive modes in a relatively short period of time. Furthermore, they allow for the study of the biological function of organisms in living organisms and for the detection of the evolution of genes and genes that are specifically expressed in the reproductive system. NGS has allowed for the study of the evolution of the reproductive system in living organisms and of the evolution of genes and protein coding genes. For example, the development of the reproductive system is linked to the evolution of genes and proteins, and the evolution of sexual and asexual development is linked to the evolution of mating and reproduction. The study of the evolution of the reproductive system has allowed for the study of reproductive modes in living organisms and of the evolution of gene expression and protein coding genes. The study of the evolution of the gene expression and gene expression during asexual reproduction has also allowed the study of the evolution of gene expression and protein coding genes in living organisms.

The development of living organisms as a whole is intimately linked with their ecological niche. For example, the development of the reproductive system is linked to the development of the sexual reproductive system. The development of reproductive systems in living organisms is related to the ecological niche that they occupy. For example, the development of the reproductive system is related to the ecological niche that they occupy in their host animals. For example, the development of the reproductive system of the baker's yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae is related to its ecological niche. However, the reproductive system of the human mycobacterium D. discoideum is related to its host's niche. These two conditions are related to the development of the reproductive system of the baker's yeast, Saccharomyces cerevisiae. The development of the reproductive system in living organisms is related to the development of the sexual reproductive system. For example, the development of the reproductive system of the human mycobacterium D. discoideum is related to its host's niche.


## Methods
Acetic acid was used as a molecular weight marker in HPLC-MS^2, and the peaks were identified by comparison of retention time and retention times, respectivel. For HPLC-MS^3, propolis and its corresponding natural analogs were added in solution to form a broad dichromate spectrum, and the retention time was measured with a Varian LC-10A (Varian, USA). The HPLC-MS^3 data was converted to a mass spectrometer mass spectral database (MS^2) and searched against the MS^2 database from the National Centre for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) using MASCOT (version 3.2.5). The results were then compared with the results from the mass spectrometric database search. Mass spectrometry data were also searched against a database containing 56,407,901 compounds. The mass spectral analysis was performed in the MassLynx software v. 3.0.2 (Applied Biosystems, USA). The molecular weight, molecular mass ratio and the mass spectral data sets of the physicochemical and chemical properties of propolis were obtained from the literature.

4.5. Mass Spectrometry Analysis
The HPLC-MS^2 analysis was carried out in an Agilent 1100 series system (Agilent, USA) using a reverse phase column (2.5 µm, C18 column, 50 mm × 4.6 mm) and a working volume of 250 µl. The mass spectrometry parameters of the analysis were set as follows: solvent m/z, column temperature, and column flow rate.

4.6. HPLC-MS^2
The activity of propolis was determined by using a previously described method [16]. A 10 µl aliquot of the reaction mixture was added to a Pico-X TLC (Waters Corporation, USA) column (4 mm, 1.7 µm, 0.25 µm film thickness) (10 mg/ml, 25 °C, pH 8) and the flow rate was 1 mL/min. The column temperature was set to 30 °C, the column temperature to 50 °C, and the column flow rate to 25 °C/min. The flow rate was linear with a linear gradient from 0 to 3.0 min.


## Results
CBS 12.32 and the N. parviporum RNA polymerase (NPNP) from Fusarium graminearum (NCSP), which was previously reported as a S-deacetylase from F. graminearum, was conserved among the S-deacetylase sequences of N. parviporum (Chen et al., 2014). A PCR-based analysis was performed using the DNA fragments amplified with restriction enzymes of the restriction enzyme Coomassie blue restriction enzyme (blue) from the amplified fragments of the N. parviporum and N. parviporum nucleotide sequences. The BLAST analysis showed that BLAST search of the NCSP DNA sequence revealed the presence of the sulfonamide dehydrogenase domain (accession number: KU103033) in the N. parviporum sequence. This domain is homologous to the sulfonamide deacetylase from the N. parviporum sequence and is represented by a large (4.8 kb) open reading frame (ORF) that is 60% identical to that in the N. parviporum sequence (Figure 1B). The nucleotide sequence of the N. parviporum nucleotide sequence was confirmed by sequencing and the BLAST analysis of NCSP DNA sequence revealed that BLAST search of the NCSP DNA sequence revealed the presence of a sulfonamide deacetylase domain (accession number: KU103033) in the N. parviporum sequence. This domain is homologous to the sulfonamide deacetylase from the N. parviporum sequence and is represented by a large (4.8 kb) open reading frame (ORF) that is 60% identical to that in the N. parviporum sequence (Figure 1B). BLAST analysis using the DNA fragments amplified with restriction enzymes of the NCSP DNA sequence revealed the presence of the sulfonamide deacetylase domain (accession number: KU103033) in the N. parviporum sequence.


## Discussion

The molecular weight of the other derivatives (C-4, C-5, C-6, C-9, C-10, C-12, and C-14) and the corresponding scaffold-specific structures are in accordance with the data obtained in the literatur. This is in line with the literature data, which showed that the C-14 is the most active derivative with a molecular weight of 10, with a molecular mass of 778.97 kDa.

The production of acetic acid by H. werneckii and its biotransformations in H. werneckii are listed in Table 1 and Table 2. The reaction product was generated by the reaction of C-4 with acetic acid, C-5 with pentadecyl-tetramethyl-ß-D-glucopyranoside, C-8 with pentadecyl-tetramethyl-ß-D-glucopyranoside, C-9 with hexadecyl-tetramethyl-ß-D-glucopyranoside, and C-14 with hexadecyl-tetramethyl-ß-D-glucopyranoside. The reaction product was formed by the reaction of C-14 with D-enantiomeric ether and the corresponding product was then produced by the reaction of C-14 with D-enantiomeric ether and the corresponding product was then formed by the reaction of C-14 with D-glucoside.

The reaction products were determined as acetic acid by the chemical shift of the carbonyl of the hydroxyl group of the hydroxyl group of the diphosphate group of the acetic acid (C-4) in the reaction mixture of acetic acid and pentadecyl-tetramethyl-ß-D-glucopyranoside, as in the literature.
