# Convergent evolution of pairwise mating in two hemicellulare asexual fungi: taxonomic and sexual history
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The high rates of morbidity and mortality due to human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection have increased significantly over the past decades. In recent times, however, it has become increasingly evident that the immunological conditions causing HIV infection are different from those responsible for other diseases. Furthermore, the immune response to HIV has evolved in parallel to the development of different genetic background. We recently discovered that the AIDS-induced mutation of the CD1d repeat, CRISPR, in the HIV-causer is required for CD8+ T cell activation and protection against the infection. These results have opened up new avenues for the development of novel immune strategies. In this review, we focus on the immune response to HIV infection and discuss the roles of CD8+ T cells and CD4+ T cells in the development of different immune responses.


## Introduction
Cryptococcus neoformans is an opportunistic fungal pathogen of humans and animals, which causes a variety of diseases, ranging from localized infections to life-threatening meningoencephalitis [1]. C. neoformans is ubiquitous in the environment, with a wide range of ecological niches, including bird droppings, decaying wood, soil, and bird droppings in bird guano [2], [3], [4], [5]. Although there are some reports of C. neoformans infections in humans, the infection process is best characterized in the context of the respiratory tract, the lungs, and the skin, and the most important organs in immunocompromized hosts.

C. neoformans is a facultative intracellular pathogen, and this fungus is able to grow in different forms of animal hosts, including rodents, mice, and rabbits, and in humans, but is generally more common in the lungs and skin of healthy individuals [6]. The lungs are the most commonly affected organ, followed by the lungs of the brain, the digestive tract, and the skin. Bronchogenic cryptococcal infections are relatively rare in healthy individuals, but their prevalence increases with severity of infection [6], [7].

C. neoformans is classified into two varieties, VNI and VNII, which differ in their capsular epitopes and phaeohyphomycosis. These varieties have different capsular epitopes, which are responsible for cryptococcal infections in humans, mice, and rabbits [8]. Cryptococcal phaeohyphomycosis has a characteristic eucalyptoid apical cell, with a “pseudo-encysted” morphology. This eucalyptic morphotype can cause severe pneumonia, bone marrow infection, and death [9].

C. neoformans is found ubiquitously in the environment, with a range of environmental sources, including bird droppings, decaying wood, soil, and bird faeces.


## Methods
The species of Ascomycetes are comprised of 16 genera, and one clade of Ascomycetes is present in both Mycetales and Ascomycete. The sampling of fungi in Ascomycetes is one of the main aspects of this study and was focused on a taxonomic study of these fungal genera. In order to characterize the clade of fungi, we selected three clades: Mycetales, Ascomycetes, and other the genera Basidiomycetes, Paracoccidioides, and Aenomyces. For the taxonomic analysis, fungi were grouped into four subgroups: Basidiomycetes (mycetes), Paracoccidioides (paracoccidioides), and Aenomyces (annealomyces). The taxonomic analysis was conducted using the default parameters in the MEGA version 6.0 software [35].

Genomic DNA extraction, PCR amplification, and sequencing
Genomic DNA was extracted from the mycelium of the three taxonomic groups of Ascomycetes using the method described by Watanabe et al. [56], using the DNAse-kit (Zymo Research, Inc., Orange, CA, USA) according to the manufacturer’s instructions. The DNA extraction protocol was modified to use 2 nL of lysis buffer (Qiagen, Hilden, Germany) and 1 µL of each primer (5 µM) using the DNeasy Plant Mini Kit (Qiagen, Hilden, Germany). The PCR was performed in a total volume of 25 µL. PCR amplification was carried out on a C1000 Thermal cycler (Bio-Rad, Hercules, CA, USA). The following conditions were applied for the amplification of the internal transcribed spacer (ITS) regions: initial denaturation at 95 °C for 5 min, followed by 35 cycles of denaturation at 95 °C for 1 min, annealing at 56 °C for 1 min, extension at 72 °C for 1 min, and final extension at 72 °C for 10 min.


## Results
Mortierella), the Didymellaceae (Didymellaceae), and the Capnodiales (Capnodiales. These taxonomic groups have been proposed to accommodate the six fungal lineages described above. The second order of fungal lineage, the Didymellaceae, was recently described (Hernández et al. 2016). The Didymellaceae is supported by phylogenetic analyses (Fig 1) and is most closely related to the Capnodiales (Fig 1).

The Dothideomycetes is a monophyletic group with a few exceptions: the Didymellaceae is a monophyletic group, with a few exceptions, the Didymellaceae is supported by phylogenetic analyses (Fig 1) and the Capnodiales is supported by phylogenetic analyses (Fig 1). The Dothideomycetes (Dothideales) is a monophyletic group with the Dothideomycetes (Dothideales) and the Capnodiales are supported by phylogenetic analyses (Fig 1). The Dothideomycetes (Dothideales) and the Capnodiales (Capnodiales) are distinct from the Dothideomycetes (Dothideales) and the Dothideomycetes (Dothideales) in that they are not monophyletic groups, and they are not supported in the Bayesian analysis.

The monophyly of the Dothideomycetes and the Dothideomycetes (Fig 1) suggests that Dothideomycetes and the Dothideomycetes (Fig 1) were vertically inherited from the Capnodiales by evolution. The Dothideomycetes (Dothideales) and the Capnodiales (Capnodiales) were vertically inherited from the Dothideomycetes (Dothideales) and the Dothideomycetes (Dothideales) by evolution. The Dothideomycetes and the Capnodiales were vertically inherited from the Capnodiales (Capnodiales) and the Dothideomycetes (Capnodiales) by evolution.


## Discussion
The majority of the species included in this study are represented by conidial structures (the morphology of the asexual spores varies between species), but also by the formation of conidi. The number of asexual fungi is likely to be higher in asexual fungi (10, 23). The asexual fungi included in this study belong to the order Rhizophagus, and the phylogenetic position of the order has been discussed (55).

The majority of species are heterothallic and only a few of them are homothallic (i.e., asexual), which is consistent with previous studies that have identified homothallic Rhizophagus species (55). The heterothallic Rhizophagus species contained in this study are also represented by a few more species (i.e., Rhodotorula and Fusarium, respectively) but they are represented in this study by very different asexual fungal taxa, which is a striking result. Rhizophagus species have been associated with soil and wood in North America (55, 56). In addition, they have been reported in the environment in the Netherlands (57). Therefore, we hypothesize that Rhizophagus species in the Netherlands may be homothallic as a result of a homothallism that has been observed in the Rhizophagus clade and in the Rhizophagus clade of several other eukaryotes (reviewed in ref. (58). In addition, the heterothallic species of Rhizophagus have been reported to possess asexual reproduction (57) and in this study, we have shown that the heterothallic Rhizophagus species in the Netherlands possess sexual reproduction.

The order Rhizophinae in this study consists of two species (Rhizophus and Rhizophus germanica) and we detected species of the order Rhizophus in this study. The species is represented by two distinct asexual fungi, namely Rhodotorula and Fusarium (57). This genus is found in the wilds of South America, the Netherlands, and other countries (58). The order Rhizophus (rhizophus) has been associated with soil in North America and Europe (57). The order Rhizophus (fusorum) has been associated with bird droppings in Portugal (59).
