# Cost-Effectiveness of Alternative Strategies to Prevent Primary Infection by Cryptococcus neoformans in Mice
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The natural replacement of the toxic metals by microbial enzymes that are otherwise biosynthetic enzymes has been a major factor in the evolution of microbial bioeconomies. The natural synthesis of enzymes to breakdown down toxic metals in the environment has been reported for many microbial species, and recently the degradation of toxic metals has been reported for many species of eukaryotes. In addition, enzymes to breakdown down lead and trypten toxic metals in the human body have been reported for a number of fungi. In this review, we discuss the regulatory mechanisms used by fungi for the degradation of toxic metals as well as the common variants used by animals and plants for the degradation of lead and trypten.


## Introduction
The advent of highly active anti-infective and anti-viral vaccines has made it a challenge to develop new anti-infective vaccines with minimal deleterious effects on human health. The success of this strategy has led to the development of a large number of anti-viral and anti-infective vaccines (1-3). These anti-infective vaccines are based on the principle that all circulating forms of a virus should be tested against a given antigen, and all circulating forms should be characterized against a given antigen. Thus, in a positive test, a vaccine is able to protect the host from the subsequent challenge of the viral form of the virus. The resulting protection is called viral neutralization, which is essentially a modification of the classic, but non-lethal, method of neutralizing HIV infection (4).


## Methods
Ethics Statement
This study was carried out in strict accordance with the recommendations in the Guide for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals of the National Research Council. The protocol was approved by the institutional Animal Care and Use Committee (IACUC) of the University of São Paulo (Protocol No. IACUC IACUC-2012/EC/79/11/14/13.7/13.7/13.7/14/13.


## Results
Given the importance of innate immune cells in the infection process and the ability of Cryptococcus to persist in the host, we first explored the efficacy of amphotericin B in the prevention of secondary infectio. With the aim to determine whether an effective alternative strategy is available to prevent primary infection by Cryptococcus, we chose the combination of amphotericin B and echinocandins as well as amphotericin B alone as the sole therapy for secondary infection. For this purpose, we evaluated the efficacy of amphotericin B alone as a combined treatment for primary and secondary primary secondary infection. The drug combination with echinocandins was compared with the individual drug combination alone, and the results are presented in Tables 3, 4. The combination of amphotericin B and echinocandins was effective in the prevention of primary infection in mice at weeks 7 and 9, but not in the secondary infection of C. neoformans (data not shown). As with the individual drug combination, the combination of amphotericin B and echinocandins was also effective in the secondary infection of C. neoformans. The combination of amphotericin B and echinocandins was also effective in the secondary infection of C. neoformans (data not shown). Taken together, these data demonstrate that combination of amphotericin B and echinocandins, but not single treatment alone, is effective in the prevention of primary and secondary infection by Cryptococcus.

Echinocandins Can Enhance the Survival and Activity of C. neoformans in Humanized Mice
Previous studies have demonstrated that treatment with echinocandins has a beneficial effect on the survival and activity of C. neoformans in human blood and have been shown to be effective in vitro against human Candida spp. [20,22,23]. To explore the effect of echinocandins on the ability of C. neoformans to survive in human blood, we investigated the survival of C. neoformans in different organs. In the kidney, C. neoformans was efficiently cleared by IV/MV and vehicle-biotin in the first 24 h of infection (Figure 2). However, treatment with amphotericin B alone did not protect C.


## Discussion
The majority of the global soil microbial communities have been shown to be dominated by soilborne microbes. A number of studies have explored the composition of soil microbial communities, using various types of soil-borne microorganisms (Gao and de Lange, 2014). However, the role of soil microbial communities in soil health has remained largely uninvestigated. Here, we show that soil microbial communities in the affected communities are significantly different from each other. Our results revealed that the soil microbial community structure differed significantly from those in other studies. For example, the community structure of the soil microbial community in the PNW affected by soilborne B. subtilispora was significantly different from that in other studies (Gao et al., 2015, 2017; Zou et al., 2018). In the present study, the community structure of the soil microbial community in the PNW affected by B. subtilispora in the PNW was significantly different from that in other studies (Zou et al., 2018). In the study by Zou et al. (2018), the soil microbial community was significantly different from the community in the affected soil in PNW, whereas the soil microbial community in the affected soils in PNW was significantly different from that in other studies. In the present study, the soil microbial community structure was significantly different from those in the other studies (Zou et al., 2018). In addition, the composition of soil microbial communities in the PNW differed significantly from those in other studies (Zou et al., 2018). The results of this study show that the soil microbial communities of the affected soils in the PNW were significantly different from those in other studies. In the present study, the community structure of the affected soils in the PNW were significantly different from those in other studies.
