# Could Histoplasma capsulatum Be Replicated and Evolved into Paracoccidioides Genus Geographical Distance Ahead?
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Acinetobacter baumannii causes nosocomial and intramodular epiphytic infections, among other diseases. In the present study, we probed the effect of three rRNA encoding R1 gene (rR1b, rR1a) on the virulence of A. baumannii. To investigate the host responses during infection, 16S rRNA amplicon sequencing of A. baumannii was used to analyze the expression of genes involved in the host response, including genes with putative roles in mediating pathogenicity. We observed that the expression of most A. baumannii genes was down-regulated upon infection, indicating that A. baumannii may be susceptible to infection. However, R1b and rR1a were highly expressed in A. baumannii at the infection time (P < 0.01). A large difference was observed in the mRNA levels of several pathogenicity-related genes (e.g.


## Introduction
Protein complexes are major components in the life of organisms. They are among the most fundamental biological mechanisms in which complex proteins have a role in their interactions with other organisms [1-3]. Positron emission tomography (PET) is a powerful technology used to study complex complexes in living cells and in tissues, such as brain, heart, liver, lung, and kidney [4-7]. Although the PET technology has shown great promise, its limitations are still evident: the sensitivity and specificity of its application are limited, the limitations of previous techniques have been well described, and its applications have been limited [8-11]. The development of mass spectrometry (MS) has increased the depth of information available in these complex proteins and allowed to better understand their biological functions. The ability to study complex complexes in vivo has made it possible to understand protein interactions more comprehensively, thus allowing to make precise identification and identification of the complex [12-15].

The “cell-to-cell” dynamic interplay between the complex and its environment has been considered as one of the most important determinants of its behavior. To study cellular interactions, the intercellular interactions are typically studied in isolation or in combination, which can result in different or even whole cell types interactions [16]. In addition, the ability to distinguish between the complex components is one of the most important biological traits. The cellular complex components such as phospholipids, glycoproteins, proteins, lipids, phospholipids, lipopeptides, proteins, lipolytic enzymes, and glycosaminoglycans are explored as potential biomarkers for the detection of pathological disease. In this review, we focus on the role of the respiratory chain, the respiratory chain, and the respiratory chain-related diseases in the identification of complex components of the respiratory chain. The second aspect of the complex interaction is the ability of the respiratory chain to induce and regulate the expression of molecules of the respiratory chain, the respiratory chain, the respiratory chain, and the respiratory chain.


## Methods
We performed three step. First, we used the Neighbor-Joining (NJ) algorithm [25] to assign positions for each tree with the “Paracoccidioides” and “Paracoccidioides” parameters in order to compare the trees. Second, we used a neighbor-joining tree (NJT) to infer the tree’s topology. Third, we used the FastTree2 program to analyze the phylogenetic relationships among Histoplasma species and Paracoccidioides species. The tree was rooted with the Spinning-Wound (W) root-mean-square deviation (R) of the trees and the number of repeats of the root-mean-square (R-m). The tree’s “Tree” file was created by appending “Tree” of Histoplasma species and Paracoccidioides species as input for the NJ tree, and the “Tree” was then combined with the TreeView” program in order to visualize and visualize the tree.

A second step was performed to identify the phylogenetic placement of Histoplasma species and Paracoccidioides species within a single tree, as the phylogenetic tree was rooted with the root-mean-square deviation (R) of the trees. For the first step, we used the Neighbor-Joining (NJ) algorithm to infer the tree’s topology. Second, we used the FastTree2 program to analyze the phylogenetic relationships among Histoplasma species and Paracoccidioides species. The tree was rooted with the RootWinder (R) of the trees and the number of repeats of the root-mean-square (R-m). The tree’s “Tree” file was created by appending “Tree” file of Histoplasma species and Paracoccidioides species as input for the NJ tree, and the “Tree” was then combined with the TreeView” program in order to visualize and visualize the tree.

A third step was performed to identify the phylogenetic placement of Histoplasma species and Paracoccidioides species within a single tree.


## Results
The presence of clades with high diversity of genes involved in pathogenicity, such as adhesins (GSEA: UPS12845), arginine and glutamic acid and the pleuromone receptor (PASL: UPS00044) were found to be non-specifi. In contrast, the diverse expression of many different genes involved in pathogenicity was found to be generally found to be predominant in paracoccidioid genomes. Such diversity was found to be high in yeast and filamentous fungi (Table 2).

To investigate the presence of genes involved in pathogenicity, the frequency of gene expression changes between different lineages of Paracoccidioides was analyzed. Although many genes involved in pathogenicity were found to be highly expressed in Paracoccidioides, a few were expressed significantly more than in other lineages. This result indicated that the different evolutionary histories of Paracoccidioides and yeast might have influenced the expression of these genes.

Genome Diversity and Protein Expression in Paracoccidioides
The data presented in this study also showed that the diversity and expression of gene expression in Paracoccidioides were largely dominated by the presence of clades with high diversity of genes involved in pathogenicity. In contrast, the gene expression of other genes was mainly found to be highly expressed in Paracoccidioides. The gene expression of some genes involved in pathogenicity were found to be highly expressed in Paracoccidioides, and their expression patterns are shown in Fig 1.

Clade 1 comprised a clade with high diversity of genes involved in pathogenicity. In contrast, the gene expression of some genes involved in pathogenicity was found to be relatively high in other clades. In some clades, the abundance of a gene involved in pathogenicity was higher in the lower paracoccidioid lineages. In the lower paracoccidioid clade, the expression of a gene involved in pathogenicity was found to be relatively high in the upper paracoccidioid lineages. In the lower paracoccidioid clade, the expression of a gene involved in pathogenicity was found to be relatively high in the upper paracoccidioid lineages.


## Discussion
However, we cannot rule out the possibility that some of these discrepancies in the phylome may be due to variations in the host-pathogen interaction among fung. For example, the host tree of Paracoccidioides Geographical Distance ahead group is highly similar to the fungi in that it includes several species from species of Ascomycota, which includes species that have only recently been introduced into Europe. Furthermore, the species in this group are closely related to species of ascomycota and yeasts in this group, which is important to understand the evolutionary history of these fungi. Furthermore, the geographic distance within the group (from Asia to Europe) is close to those between the two species of Ascomycota (p. 60-70 km) and may have been a result of a founder event. Also, the three strains of Aspergillus have been identified in Europe.

The high level of sequence similarity between the ITS and LSU sequences indicates that they represent the best candidate genes for the cryptic species that we have identified. However, the placement of the strains of Paracoccidioides Geographical Distance ahead in the tree of fungi does not fit the hypothesis that the gene tree is too far from the original source of the gene. The putative putative genome of Paracoccidioides Geographical Distance ahead group contained nine putative genes and six of them were genes encoding putative proteins that are involved in protein-protein interactions. In our phylogenetic analysis of the putative gene clusters, we found that the putative genes were clustered together in a small number of genomic regions (28 genes) that are within the gene clusters of genes of the second group of cryptic species. This result suggests that these genes may be the result of recombination, as was previously thought [26]. In other words, gene loss and/or gene loss could have occurred in the ancestor of the fungi.

Our analysis of the putative genes revealed several putative genes that are involved in cell wall biosynthesis, including a putative hydroxyl oxidase that is involved in the biosynthesis of cell wall polymers. The putative hydroxyl oxidase gene was found in the Fusarium graminearum strain, which is involved in the biosynthesis of cell wall polymers.
