# Creation of Enhanced Antigen-Mediated Clinical Presentation of Hemophagocytic Peritonitis in a Single Insertional Hyphal Blockade
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The ubiquitous fungus Aspergillus niger encounters carbon starvation in nature often leading to a rapid spread of the disease. The consequences of these hyper-saline conditions are often toxic and life-threatening. In this study, we investigated the effects of carbon limitation on the mycelial growth and virulence of A. niger by using a high-throughput (HTS) and low-throughput (LFT) methodologies. We found that the addition of sucrose had no measurable effect on the fungal growth or the virulence of A. niger. Furthermore, the addition of salt had no visible effect on the fungal growth or the virulence of A. niger. Finally, the intracellular survival of A. niger isolates was significantly reduced compared to that of A. flavus. Altogether, these results suggest that the mycelial growth and the virulence of A. niger are affected by carbon limitation, which in turn could be a useful approach for controlling pests and pathogens in agriculture.


## Introduction
However, the majority of the available drugs are small molecules, which typically require a few hours to half an hour to mature, and may act as delivery vehicles for macromolecules in the bloodstream and other organ systems [22. The molecular target can be assigned to a set of molecules by either screening for antibacterial agents or inhibitors, or by determining the potency of a ligand by an antibody-binding assay [23]. Previous studies on the antibacterial activity of crude lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-loaded liposomal peptides (LPS) have shown that the molecules are active against gram-positive bacteria, including methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) [24,25].

Several studies have investigated the antifungal activity of polysaccharides loaded with lipopolysaccharides (LPS) [26]. Studies have shown that these polysaccharides are active against Candida albicans, Candida glabrata, Candida tropicalis, Candida parapsilosis, Candida krusei, Candida lusitaniae, Candida krusei, Candida orthopsilosis, Candida glabrata, Candida parapsilosis, and Candida auris [27,28,29]. These liposomal peptides also showed to be active against Cryptococcus neoformans and Candida albicans [30]. In addition, the antifungal activity of polysaccharides loaded with monosaccharides (MOPs) such as galactomannan (GM) and galactomannoproteins (GM-CPs) were evaluated against Candida albicans, Candida tropicalis, Candida parapsilosis, Candida krusei, and Candida auris. The main antifungal activities of these liposomal peptides were those against C. albicans and C. glabrata.

For this study, two monosaccharide-loaded liposomal peptides, LPS-1 and LPS-2, were tested against C. albicans. The results indicated that the monosaccharide-loaded peptides were active against C. albicans, while GM-CPs were active against C. tropicalis. The antifungal activity of the monosaccharides was also evaluated against C. krusei.


## Methods

In vitro and in vivo assays of the presence of . influenzae™ in the in vitro and in vivo treatment of various systemic and in vivo pathogen-associated infections were conducted using a modified protocol of the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) [34], as modified by the CLSI M27-A3 protocol. The primary endpoint was the determination of the CFU/mL of the test organisms. For the in vivo treatment of H. influenzae™, the test organisms were grown in RPMI 1640 (Sigma-Aldrich, MO, USA) buffered to pH 7.0 with 0.165 M morpholinepropanesulfonic acid (MOPS) at pH 6.0. As control, 10 µL of the in vivo treatment was injected to the bronchoalveolar lavage of a patient’s sputum using a sterile pipette. All the experiments were repeated at least three times.

In vitro and in vivo evaluation of the synergistic effect of H. influenzae™ on the epithelial cells
The number of CFU/mL of the test organisms in the in vitro treatment of H. influenzae™ was determined after 24 h of incubation at 37°C, using a Zetasizer NanoZS (Malvern Instruments, Malvern, UK) and the FACS analysis (BD Biosciences, San Jose, CA, USA). The experiments were performed in duplicate.

In vivo evaluation of the synergistic effect of H. influenzae™ on the epithelial cells
All of the experiments were performed in duplicate and the results were expressed as the mean ± standard deviation (SD) of the experiments.

Measurement of the synergistic effect of H. influenzae™ on the epithelial cells
The co-incubation of H. influenzae™ with the cells of Streptomyces gloeosporium was performed as previously described [25] and as previously described [35], with some modifications [36]. A 10 µL of H. influenzae™ was treated with H. gloeosporium (5 × 10^3 cells/mL) at concentrations ranging from 0.125 to 50 µg/mL. The halo of the halo was measured by the Axiovert 200 M inverted microscope (Carl Zeiss, Germany).


## Results
This inventory of cellular responses is remarkably rich in genes involved in immune response, molecular signaling, and biological processes (Additional File 2. Therefore, we examined the evolutionary history of several genes that were associated with hemophagocytic peritonitis, including genes involved in cell-cell interaction, molecular signaling, and biological processes.

Reduced Fungal Load in the Infected Mouse Model
To assess whether increased hemophagocytic peritonitis was associated with increased fungal burden in the lungs, we infected mice with 10^4 C. neoformans var. grubii, 10^3 C. neoformans var. neoformans, or 10^4 C. neoformans var. neoformans (Fig 1A and B). After 14 days, the lungs were harvested and the tissues were divided into the three groups. The lungs were infected with 10^4 C. neoformans var. grubii, 10^3 C. neoformans var. neoformans, or 10^4 C. neoformans var. neoformans (Fig 1C). In both groups, the hemocytes were loaded with high levels of the drug (Fig 1D and E). In the hemocytes of the C. neoformans var. grubii infection group, the animals were infected with 10^5 C. neoformans var. grubii, 10^6 C. neoformans var. neoformans, or 10^7 C. neoformans var. neoformans (Fig 1F). The immunomodulatory effects of C. neoformans var. grubii and C. neoformans var. neoformans in the lungs of C. neoformans infected mice were not observed in the C. neoformans var. grubii infection group (Fig 1F). We observed that the levels of immune response associated with hemocyte infiltration and fungal burden in the lungs of the C. neoformans var. grubii infection group were not increased (Fig 1G and H). These data suggest that C. neoformans var. grubii infection results in a reduced hemocyte number in the lungs.


## Discussion
Indeed, as TBM develops, the proliferation of lymphocytes, proliferation of TBM-related tumor cells, and proliferation of TBM-associated tumors appears to increas. The increased proliferation of TBM-associated tumors appears to be associated with a reduced amount of CD4+ and CD8+ lymphocyte subsets, which also result in a decreased percentage of circulating NK cells and CD4+ and CD8+ lymphocytes. The addition of CD8+ lymphocytes to the CMV population, as suggested in our study, results in an increase in lymphocyte subsets and increased proliferation of CD8+ lymphocytes. These results confirm that CMV infection is the primary trigger of TBM development in mice. In addition, CD4+ and CD8+ lymphocytes are recruited to the lung, which is the initial stage of TBM development. These results are consistent with previous reports that suggest that the CD4+ and CD8+ lymphocytes can become protective against CMV infection in the lungs [12]. Therefore, the use of CMV-containing immunosuppressive therapy (ICS) in mice with CMV-related TBM development may provide a reasonable therapeutic regimen to the patients who develop CMV-related TBM.

In our study, we demonstrated that lymphocyte subsets and CD4+ and CD8+ lymphocyte subsets are increased following CMV infection. Interestingly, CD4+ and CD8+ lymphocytes were also recruited to the lung and showed increased proliferation, which is consistent with previous reports [12]. These results strongly indicate that CD4+ lymphocytes are recruited to the lung, which is consistent with previous reports. This results in increased proliferation and proliferation of CD4+ and CD8+ lymphocytes. The addition of ICS to CMV-containing immunosuppressive therapy (ICS) is thought to provide a more acceptable outcome to the patients with CMV-related TBM development in vivo, which was also demonstrated in mice [12]. However, our results demonstrate that CD8+ lymphocytes are recruited to the lung, which is consistent with previous reports, and the addition of ICS to CMV-containing immunosuppressive therapy was associated with a decrease in the number of CD8+ and CD8+ lymphocytes.
