# CRISPR
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Fungal infections have been of particular concern due to the high incidence in acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) and cryptococcosis. Aspartyl proteases (Saps) are known to be important in the control of fungal infections. However, their role in fungal infections and susceptibility to antifungal drugs has not been clarified. In this study, we found that Saps exerted different roles in the host response to the fungus: they could play a role as effector molecules and were able to enhance the ability of the fungus to survive and grow in macrophages. Moreover, we found that Saps were able to increase the binding of the fungus to cell membrane and to melanin: they were able to induce the release of this metabolite, hyoplasmitin. The inhibitory effect of Saps on the growth of Aspergillus was evaluated by the time-kill assays. Also, we observed that Saps enhanced the growth of A. fumigatus in the absence of any cytokine. These results suggested that Saps might play a role in the control of the infection process. In conclusion, our findings suggest that Saps are important in the host response to the fungus and in the susceptibility to antifungal drugs.


## Introduction
Invasive fungal infections (IFI) continue to be a major cause of morbidity and mortality in immunocompromised patients. The antifungal drug fluconazole has been used for a long time to prevent the formation of fungal biofilms. The effectiveness of the antifungal drugs is limited by drug interactions with the fungal cell membrane, which can lead to drug-resistant fungal cells [1]. Therefore, there is a need for new drugs to combat the development of drug-resistant fungal cells.

Based on the fact that the main target of antifungal drugs is the fungal cell membrane, the development of new compounds against fungal cell membrane is of great significance. In recent years, a number of structurally diverse drugs including amphotericin B and azoles were tested against a panel of pathogenic fungi including Aspergillus, Candida, Coccidioides, Histoplasma, Cryptococcus, Coccidioides immitis, Blastomyces, C. krusei, Fusarium, Hansenula, Hanseniaspora, C.


## Methods
The resulting plasmid was transformed into . rubrum by a single-step, single spore-mediated transformation with the lithium acetate method as described previously [49]. Briefly, 5 × 10^6 conidia of each strain were inoculated in a total volume of 0.8 mL of liquid YPD medium (0.85% yeast extract, 2% peptone, and 2% dextrose) and grown at 30°C for 48 h. The resulting colonies were then inoculated onto SD medium and incubated at 30°C for 48 h. Subsequently, the cells were harvested by centrifugation and re-suspended in a saline solution. After cell lysis, the cell pellet was washed once with 1 ml of lysis buffer (20 mM Tris, 150 mM NaCl, 0.1% SDS, pH 8.0) and then resuspended in a 1 ml of PBS. The obtained cell suspension was used for SDS-PAGE. The protein content of each strain was measured using the Bradford method [50]. The internal standard curve was generated by taking the amount of protein in a 1:10 dilution of cell lysate and then subtracting the amount of protein in a 0:10 dilution of cell lysate. The protein content of each strain was calculated using the following equation:where A_b is the protein content of the 1:10 dilution of cell lysate; X_b is the protein content in 1:10 dilutions of cell lysate; and T_b is the protein content in 1:10 dilutions of cell lysate.

Quantitative PCR and SDS-PAGE
Total RNA was isolated using a RNeasy Plant Mini Kit (Qiagen). The cDNA synthesis was performed using the SuperScript III First-Strand Synthesis System (Invitrogen). Samples were diluted to 2 µg/µl and re-suspended in 1 µl of RNase-free water. The cDNA was diluted to 10 µg/µl and re-suspended in 1 µl of RNase-free water. The cDNA concentrations were determined using the Nanodrop 1000 spectrophotometer (Thermo Fisher Scientific). The concentration of RNA was estimated using an Agilent 2100 Bioanalyzer (Agilent Technologies, Santa Clara, CA, USA) and then normalized to the expression level of T.


## Results
Moreover, lipid droplets were destabilized in the presence of FITC, as well as in the presence of NaNO_. The stability of lipid droplets was investigated by determining their salt concentration. As shown in Fig 2, NaNO_3 markedly inhibited the lipid droplet formation of the protoplasts at a salt concentration of 4 mM. At a salt concentration of 5 mM, the lipid droplet formation was significantly inhibited, whereas the formation of the lipid droplets of the protoplasts was not affected (Fig 2). In addition, the lipid droplets of the protoplasts were more hydrophobic than lipid droplets, and the lipid droplets of the protoplasts were more rigid than lipid droplets, in the presence of FITC (Fig 2). The lipid droplets of the protoplasts were more hydrophobic than lipid droplets, and the lipid droplets of the protoplasts were more rigid than lipid droplets, in the presence of FITC (Fig 2). These results indicated that the lipid droplets of the protoplasts were more hydrophilic than lipid droplets, and the lipid droplets of the protoplasts were more rigid than lipid droplets, in the presence of FITC (Fig 2).

Protein synthesis by the protoplasts in the presence of FITC is not affected by the addition of NaNO_3 or NaNO_2
The above results indicated that the lipid droplets of the protoplasts were more hydrophilic than lipid droplets, and the lipid droplets of the protoplasts were more rigid than lipid droplets, in the presence of FITC. Therefore, the lipid droplets of the protoplasts were more hydrophilic than lipid droplets, and the lipid droplets of the protoplasts were more rigid than lipid droplets, in the presence of FITC.

Determination of the MIC for FITC in the presence of FITC

The above results indicated that the lipid droplets of the protoplasts were more hydrophilic than lipid droplets, and the lipid droplets of the protoplasts were more rigid than lipid droplets, in the presence of FITC, than lipid droplets, in the presence of NaNO_3 or FITC, in the presence of FITC.


## Discussion
However, a recent study on a single genome of the same species found that GenBank was not included in the analysi. We believe this should be taken into consideration as the target genome size is too large for a functional analysis of this gene family. This is a major hurdle for our study, and future work should focus on the comparative analysis of CW-Genome Sequencing with other studies.

The lack of a clear association between CW-Genome Sequencing and Encephalitis
Although the vast majority of patients with CW-Genome Sequencing are healthy, there are a few patients with epilepsy or other immunodeficiency. Patients with chronic kidney disease, sarcoidosis, and leukaemia are most common patients, and HIV patients are more common in Africa [2,3]. Patients with Encephalitis have been reported to have a high mortality, with a mortality rate of approximately 30% [3]. In the United States, only 30% of patients with Encephalitis have received antiretroviral therapy [4]. There are several reports of patients with severe Encephalitis having an elevated plasma glucose level that may be due to diabetes mellitus, cirrhosis, or malignancy [5,6]. In this study, we were not able to identify patients with elevated plasma glucose levels in a comprehensive cohort of patients with Encephalitis. However, we did identify patients with elevated plasma glucose levels in a large subset of patients with Encephalitis. This suggests that patients with Encephalitis have a high risk of hypoglycaemia due to the hyperglycaemia. The risk of hypoglycaemia is thought to be influenced by the severity of hypoglycaemia, a condition that is associated with the development of autoimmune diseases, including hyperglycaemia, in AIDS patients [3]. Our patients did have a high risk of hypoglycaemia, but the results of this study were limited to patients with mild hypoglycaemia that had received antiretroviral therapy. The use of antiretroviral therapy in a large population of patients with Encephalitis is rare, and therefore, this study does not have a general population to compare this with.

The Encephalitis rate in our study was relatively low, but the rate of hypoglycaemia was significantly increased in patients with Encephalitis.
