# Cryptococcus neoformans and Cryptococcus gattii Species Complex Isolates on Carbonate Tubes Identifies Mutators and Putative Stress T Cells in the Absence of HIV
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
A 30-year-old male presented to the neurosurgical clinic with a 3-day history of headache, nausea, vomiting, and unintentional weight loss. Computed tomography, chest X-ray, and magnetic resonance imaging investigations revealed multiple pulmonary nodules in the left lung. Upon investigation, he was pale with multiple diffuse hemorrhagic nodules, with a white nodule around the right lung parenchyma. Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) was positive for elevated protein (Protein red = 1.33 mg/dL). Cryptococcus neoformans was cultured from CSF and was identified as C. neoformans in the CSF white blood cell line by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay and cytological culture. He was treated with antifungal agent with a subcutaneous infusion of metronidazole. Despite treatment, he continued to exhibit neurological symptoms, including headache, nausea, and vomiting. Despite treatment, he developed an increased fever, dyspnea, and rigor. Although the symptoms were tolerable, he still had a significant loss of consciousness over a period of time. He was diagnosed with a systemic cryptococcal infection, and treatment with liposomal amphotericin B was initiated. He had a good response and was discharged from the hospital.


## Introduction
The result of these studies is a new species, . neoformans, which is closely related to Cryptococcus gattii, and potentially exhibits differences in the Cryptococcus gattii-C. neoformans complex.

The virulence determinants of the C. neoformans complex consist of polysaccharides, capsule, and growth within macrophages [27, 28]. The C. neoformans complex is capable of secretory and cell-cycle arrest in response to environmental stimuli such as oxidative stress, nutrient deprivation, and cell wall perturbation [29, 30]. The cell membrane of C. neoformans complex is characterized by polysaccharides, which are secreted to the extracellular space [31, 32]. The cell wall of C. neoformans complex consists of an octamer of glucan, of a-1,3-glucan, and of a-1,6-linked N-acetylglucosamine [33, 34]. The polysaccharides secreted by the C. neoformans complex are mainly cell wall glucuronoxylomannan and cell wall mannoprotein [35]. The cell wall of C. neoformans complex consists of a-1,3-glucan, of a-1,6-linked N-acetylglucosamine, and of a-1,3-linked N-acetylgalactosamine [36]. The cell wall of C. neoformans complex consists of a-1,4-linked N-acetyl-glucosamine, a-1,6-linked N-acetylgalactosaminidase, and N-acetylgalactosaminase enzymes [37]. The C. neoformans complex consists of a-1,3-linked N-acetylgalactosaminidase and N-acetylgalactosamine-N-acetylgalactosaminase enzymes [38]. The cell wall of C. neoformans complex consists of a-1,3-linked N-acetylgalactosaminidase and N-acetyl-galactosaminase enzymes [39]. The cell wall of C.


## Methods
The specificity of this assay is probably the most important measure of the specificity of the assay, as the presence of different cell populations can be detected and measured using antibodies and antibodies specific for HIV-1 and HIV-2, respectivel. The specificity of this assay is probably the most important measure of the specificity of the assay, as the presence of different cell populations can be detected using antibodies and antibodies specific for HIV-1 and HIV-2, respectively. The specificity of this assay is probably the most important measure of the specificity of the assay, as the presence of different cell populations can be detected using antibodies and antibodies specific for HIV-1 and HIV-2, respectively. The specificity of this assay is probably the most important measure of the specificity of the assay, as the presence of different cell populations can be detected using antibodies and antibodies specific for HIV-1 and HIV-2, respectively. The specificity of this assay is probably the most important measure of the specificity of the assay, as the presence of different cell populations can be detected using antibodies and antibodies specific for HIV-1 and HIV-2, respectively. The specificity of this assay is probably the most important measure of the specificity of the assay, as the presence of different cell populations can be detected using antibodies and antibodies specific for HIV-1 and HIV-2, respectively.

2.2. Antibody Immuno-Noise Assay
The detection of antibodies against HIV-1 and HIV-2 is achieved by immuno-noise assay, as described previously [14]. Briefly, for the immuno-noise assay, the cells in the wells were washed with PBS. Then, the cell suspension in PBS was inoculated into the wells of a 96-well plate and incubated for 30 min at room temperature.


## Results
The comparative analysis of the sequences of VGIIa and VGIIb isolates indicated that the VGIIa and VGIIb isolates possessed a high level of sequence similarity (8.5% identity and 82.2% identity for the isolates from the same geographical location) and also had high similarity of the sequences of VGIIa and VGIIb isolates (90.3% and 91.8% identity for the isolates from different geographic locations, respectively). These results indicated that the introduction of both genes into the VGIIa and VGIIb isolates were successful in these two species. The analysis of the relative gene numbers and their relative gene content of the two VGIIa and VGIIb isolates, identified in the two VGIIa and VGIIb species complex, indicated that the isolates from the two species were highly similar (Fig 2).

The VGIIa and VGIIb isolates were unable to grow on olive oil and/or glycerol (except for the isolate from the same geographical location) and were unable to form colonies on corn oil (Table 2). All isolates from the VGIIa species complex were able to form colonies on different types of media, and were able to grow on glycerol (Table 2). The VGIIb isolates were able to form colonies on various carbonate media, including glycerol (Table 2).

The VGIIb isolate from the VGIIa species complex was able to colonize and produce viable colonies on different types of media (Table 2). The isolates from the VGIIb species complex showed a high level of gene content similarity (91.8% and 92.5% identity for the VGIIa and VGIIb isolates, respectively), but a high level of gene content similarity (91.4% and 93.1% identity for the VGIIb isolates, respectively). The top ten most similar genes in the three VGIIa and VGIIb species complexes were also identified by the presence of the two VGIIa and VGIIb genes.

The two VGIIa species complex isolates were able to produce a variety of fungal isolates, and were able to colonize various types of media.


## Discussion
This strategy has been described for Cryptococcus neoformans and Cryptococcus gattii [11], [14], [16], [17], [18], but has not been explored in the same way in HIV-infected mic. We have developed a novel method to isolate genetically modified strains of C. neoformans from HIV-infected mice using a low-cost, self-testing method. We have used this method to identify the same microarray microarray genetic networks that were identified in the human clinical HIV-infected cohort [13], [14], [17], [19], [20], [21], [22], [23], but it has some limitations. First, it is not practical to test for the ability of C. neoformans to utilize the same cell types and substrates in C. neoformans-HIV infection. Second, we have developed a program to assess the capacity of a HIV-infected individual to mount and sustain a response to infection. In the mouse model, a significant increase in the viral load was observed in the presence of antiretroviral therapy. This increases the chance of infection with C. neoformans, but not with C. gattii, and this has been observed in the presence of C. gattii only in our previous study [11]. Although we have used HIV-infected individuals, we have also tested HIV-infected individuals in a low-cost and non-invasive, HIV-infected immunocompetent population. The result was that HIV-infected individuals were more resistant to HIV infection than HIV-infected individuals. This could be due to differences in the CD4 T cell populations that are present in the HIV-infected individuals, or due to differences in the host response to HIV infection. These data suggest that although C. neoformans is not specifically activated in the human immunological system, C. neoformans is activated in HIV-infected individuals. It is possible that HIV-infected individuals may have a greater capacity to withstand infection than HIV-infected individuals because of their greater ability to mount a greater number of response responses.

While C. neoformans is not a typical human pathogen, our genetic network analysis indicates that C.
