# De novo transcriptomic analysis of for- and -glucose utilization in Aspergillus nidulans: an insight into the mammalian origin of abundant abundant-type conserved enzymes
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
We report the first report of A. fumigatus melanin biosynthesis and metabolism in the phylum Ascomycota. Melanin is a kind of pigment that is produced by fungi to help them accomplish a variety of biological tasks. It is also used as an immunological quality in several skin diseases. We have discovered that A. fumigatus melanin has a direct association with the surface of several bacterial and fungal species. A. fumigatus melanin is able to bind to and permeabilize some of these surfaces, and we have shown that this is particularly so for the fungal species that are known to be able to grow on the surface of the human pathogen P. brasiliensis. Furthermore, A. fumigatus melanin also binds to melanin from other fungi, a property shared by other human melanin that is found in other fungi. This work provides a detailed biochemistry of melanin metabolism in A. fumigatus and is the basis for a potential novel biosynthetic pathway.

Species studies reveal that human and other pathogenic fungi produce melanin pigment, which contributes to host immunity, protecting them from infection. We show that A. fumigatus melanin is specifically present on the surface of bacteria and fungi, and this is associated with a broad range of physico-chemical and -chemical properties. A. fumigatus melanin is found in a wide range of species, including bacterial and fungal species.


## Introduction
With the global burden of fungal infections increasing year after year, the need for novel antifungals for clinical use is increasing. Such drugs are currently the subject of numerous drug approvals and the development of new antifungal agents has been slowed by the increasing incidence of drug resistance and emergence of pathogenic species, with the development of new classes of antifungal agents having been developed (1-3). Thus, antifungals remain a major challenge in the clinical management of fungal infections, and a better understanding of their mode of action is necessary to develop new antifungal agents and control.

The major fungal cell membrane is characterized by the highly conserved architecture of chitin and glucan, and plays an important role in various biological processes, including cell growth, division, division, migration, fusion and fusion, morphogenesis and cell death (4-6). In fungi, chitin and glucan are synthesized as precursors in the cell wall, which are recognized by the chitin deacetylases (CdAs), which act as “cassette moieties” (7). In addition, chitin and glucan are recognized by a number of chitinases, such as chitin-binding protein (CBP), chitinase-like proteins (CHLs), chitinase-like receptor, and chitinase-like transmembrane proteins (8-11). The major chitin deacetylases (CdG) have been characterized in S. cerevisiae and C. albicans, and have been associated with cell wall integrity (12,13), cell polarity and signal transduction, cell wall remodeling, and regulation of morphogenesis (14-16).

The ability to hydrolyze chitin and glucan, together with the extensive cell wall remodeling, are essential for fungal survival in vivo (17). The enzyme-catalyzed degradation of chitin and glucan is mediated by chitin-binding proteins, which belong to the E. histolytic and E. coli chitin binding proteins and share a common structural and functional organization (18-20).


## Methods
The N-glycosylation of N-glycosidase A was analyzed by using Aspergillus nidulans AflucA gen. A-glucose utilization in Aspergillus nidulans was characterized by using the N-glycosylation of N-glycosidase A (Sigma, G3828) and the glycosylation of N-glycosidase B (Pierce, G3872) by using Aspergillus nidulans AflucB gene. The Glycosylation of N-glycosidase C (Sigma, G3771) was analyzed by using Aspergillus nidulans AflucA gene.

N-glycosylation of N-glycosidase D (Pierce, G3850) was analyzed by using Aspergillus nidulans AflucB gene. A-glucose utilization in Aspergillus nidulans was characterized by using the N-glycosylation of N-glycosidase D (Pierce, G3850) and the glycosylation of N-glycosidase E (Sigma, G3850) by using Aspergillus nidulans AflucB gene. N-glycosylation in Aspergillus nidulans was characterized by using the N-glycosylation of N-glycosidase D (Pierce, G3850) and the glycosylation of N-glycosidase E (Sigma, G3850).

The H-rabbit heat shock response was studied by using the C. albicans R265 strain. The H-rabbit strain was prepared as described previously [10]. Briefly, the H-rabbit strain was cultured in brain heart infusion (BHI) medium (Gibco) at 37 °C for 4 h. The culture was then centrifuged at 5000×g for 10 min at 4 °C, and the supernatant was used to determine the protein concentration by using Bradford protein assay kit (Bio-Rad Laboratories, CA, USA). The protein concentration was determined by using BSA as standard.


## Results
A gene with high homology to the yeast cell wall integrity protein Mep2p (AFUA_2G14400) was the first to show up-regulation in . nidulans and was recently shown to play an important role in fungal virulence (Chang et al., 2016; Zhao et al., 2018). This gene, which is also expressed by S. cerevisiae and C. albicans, was also up-regulated in Aspergillus nidulans (Fig 2A). The transcription of this gene was shown to be up-regulated in A. nidulans by RT-PCR (Fig 2B) and was up-regulated in A. nidulans by RT-PCR (Fig 2C) in response to oxidative stress. The transcription of Mep2p is known to be regulated by the Nop1 transcription factor (Yu et al., 2002; Zhao et al., 2018). The induction of Mep2p in the host was further evaluated using a method described by van Luyk (2018). Mep2p was expressed at low levels in the host but increased in the model fungus Aspergillus nidulans (Fig 2D). The induction of Mep2p in A. nidulans was verified by western blotting and Western blotting (Fig 2E). The induction of Mep2p in the host was further tested by RT-PCR (Fig 2E). RT-PCR results showed that Mep2p was up-regulated in response to oxidative stress and is also up-regulated in response to nitrogen stress (Fig 2F). These results suggested that the transcriptional induction of Mep2p in A. nidulans may be important for fungal pathogenicity.

A. nidulans is a virulence-associated fungal pathogen
We next evaluated the virulence-associated fungal pathogenicity of A. nidulans. Our transcriptomic analysis indicated that fungal pathogenicity and virulence of A. nidulans are distinct and the host-related genes are different. Our results demonstrated that the transcriptional expression of genes involved in the regulation of protein secretion in A.


## Discussion
01) between yeast and human (Fig. 3 and 4). To our knowledge, this is the first report of the human-derived endogenous glucose metabolic pathway in A. fumigatus. Previously, we described the human-derived endogenous glucose metabolism pathway in A. fumigatus [16]. In this study, we described the human-derived glucose metabolic pathway in A. fumigatus, providing new insights into the origin of A. fumigatus endogenous glucose metabolic machinery. In addition, we identified genes that were functionally related to the human-derived pathway (Table 1). We anticipate that these genes will become available in the future to understand the function of these enzymes.

The human-derived glucose metabolic pathway
The human-derived glucose metabolic pathway (COG) consists of two distinct isoforms of the glucose-active enzyme-encoding genes: the human-derived glucose-1 glucose-1 glucose-2 glucose-3 glucose-5 glucose-7 glycerol-3-phosphate dehydrogenase-3 (GPD3) and the glucose-6 glucose-1 glucose-2 glucose-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (GPD3-1). In contrast, the mammalian-derived glucose metabolic pathway (COG) consists of two distinct isoforms of the glucose-active enzyme-encoding genes: the human-derived glucose-1 glucose-1 glucose-2 glucose-3 glucose-5 glucose-7 glycerol-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (GPD3-1). In contrast to the mammalian-derived pathway, the human-derived glucose-1 glucose-1 glucose-2 glucose-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (GPD3-2) is a key enzyme in the human-derived pathway (COG) (Fig 1).

To determine the functional relationships of the human-derived glucose metabolic pathway, we performed functional analysis in the model yeast S. cerevisiae (Fig 6). The function of the human-derived glucose-1 glucose-1 glucose-2 glucose-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (GPD3-2) was analyzed by comparing the expression profiles of the WT and the A. fumigatus-derived mutant.
