# Defining the transcriptomic landscape of Candida orthopsilosis by RNA-Seq
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
One such factor is the stress response regulator calprotectin, a family of proteins that together with the high calprotectin content in Arabidopsis thaliana and rice, negatively controls oil accumulation and oil content chang. We discovered that the fgD-Nor-but-yet-unnamed gene FgD-DiopyrinA is required for its regulation of oil accumulation and oil regulation during C. orthopsilosis. Therefore, we investigated the potential role of this gene as a model for C. orthopsilosis. We first identified the gene as FgD-DiopyrinA in a fungal isolate lacking calprotectin. Transcriptional analyses reveal that FgD-DiopyrinA is an essential gene. The expression of the calprotectin-dependent gene fgD- but-4 is induced under calprotectin- and repressed by repolarized repolarized carbon sources. We also identify a non-essential gene, fgR, which is required for calprotectin-dependent protein synthesis. Gene ontology analysis of fgD-DiopyrinA reveals that the fgD-DiopyrinA-dependent gene fgD-R encodes a protein that is highly conserved in filamentous fungi and is essential for the growth of C. orthopsilosis. Thus, FgD-DiopyrinA-dependent protein synthesis is a novel key factor for C. orthopsilosis pathogenesis and might represent an attractive antifungal drug target.

C. orthopsilosis is a neglected fungal pathogen that causes ~1,600,000 deaths per year. Fusarium oxysporum is the main fungal agent that causes fatal infections in humans, and resistance to most antifungals is thought to be one of the reasons for the failure of current antifungal therapies. This study is the first to identify a critical factor for the virulence of C. orthopsilosis. The analysis of the transcriptome of the two closely related fungi revealed that these strains have different levels of expression of this gene family, which is a unique microdomain group that may be important for regulation of the fungal kingdom. A key factor that regulates the virulence of these two closely related fungi is their different genetic backgrounds.


## Introduction
Scedosporium apiospermum is a species of genus Pseudallescheria and thermodimorphic fungus, which are thermodimorphic and can cause death by thermodimorphic growth, eventually reaching nematode-like phase [1,2,3]. Most of the disease symptoms are caused by S. apiospermum, which is a soil-borne, dimorphic fungus, and are dimorphic [4]. It is estimated that approximately 1 million people are affected by this disease [5]. As the soil-borne saprophyte, S. apiospermum forms colonies on living plant tissues and on dead tissues [6]. Once it has developed, it can invade the host tissue, cause tissue necrosis and fibrosis, and kill host cells by inducing apoptosis [7,8]. In the past two decades, several studies have demonstrated that the immune system of humans and of animals have a direct effector function against S. apiospermum [9,10,11,12]. Therefore, it is considered necessary to dissect the role of the immune system in the pathogenesis of S. apiospermum, as well as in other S. apiospermum-infected animals. However, the role of the immune system in the pathogenesis of S. apiospermum is still not clear.

Numerous studies have shown that the immune system of humans and of animals are a protective mechanism against S. apiospermum [13,14,15].


## Methods

Using RNA-Seq data from Candida albicans, we constructed a transcriptomic landscape in the order of 12,000 genes, and analyzed the transcriptomic transcriptomes using Bowtie version 2.0.3 (http://bowtie.sourceforge.net/index.html).

Transcriptome annotation
We used the open-source annotated transcriptome data of Candida albicans and C. glabrata, respectively, to annotate the transcriptomes of S. cerevisiae, C. parapsilosis, C. krusei, C. guilliermondii, C. lusitaniae, C. tropicalis, C. dubliniensis, C. guilliermondii, C. tropicalis, and C. guilliermondii (accession numbers provided in Table S1). The results were further filtered by read length and quality score and then filtered based on the number of synonymous and non-synonymous sites (S1 Text).

Intron removal and annotation
Intron removal was performed by removing all intron candidates with an intron length of 100 bp or less. The most common introns were discarded from the transcriptome. For the first round of annotation, we used the GATK annotation tool (http://gaters.github.io/gccat/) to remove introns from the transcripts of Candida albicans and C. glabrata. We used the GATK annotation tool to remove all introns from the transcriptomes of C. glabrata, C. parapsilosis, C. krusei, C. dubliniensis, C. guilliermondii, and C. lusitaniae. We used the GATK annotation tool to remove all introns from the transcriptomes of S. cerevisiae, C. parapsilosis, C. guilliermondii, and C. lusitaniae. We used the GATK annotation tool to remove all introns from the transcriptomes of C. albicans, C. glabrata, C. dubliniensis, C. guilliermondii, and C. lusitaniae. We used the GATK annotation tool to remove all introns from the transcriptomes of C. glabrata, C. parapsilosis, C. guilliermondii, and C.


## Results
albicans genome for conserved RNA-Seq motifs that could be detected in Candida infection. In addition, we performed RNA-Seq analysis of the C. albicans genome for candidate genes that were predicted to encode RNA-Seq proteins (Supplementary Table S7). This analysis revealed that many of the C. albicans RNA-Seq candidates were homologous to genes that have been shown to be regulated in yeast by HapX, the master regulator of transcription factor expression [39, 40]. In addition, several of the C. albicans genes that are predicted to encode RNA-Seq proteins were also found to be expressed in yeast (Supplementary Table S7).

To further validate our RNA-Seq RNA-Seq profiling approach, we next examined the expression of genes involved in C. albicans virulence, including the heat shock protein Hsp60, heat shock protein Cdr1, and heat shock protein 1 (Supplementary Fig S7). The heat shock proteins Hsp60 and Cdr1 have been shown to be expressed in yeast and other fungi, respectively [39, 41]. Interestingly, heat shock protein Cdr1 is also up-regulated in C. albicans, although the exact mechanism remains unclear [42]. To further validate the RNA-Seq profiling results, we next examined the expression of heat-shock proteins Hap1 and Cdr1 in C. albicans. To this end, we measured the expression of the heat-shock protein Hap1 and Cdr1 in C. albicans grown in the same conditions used in this study. In agreement with the RNA-Seq RNA-Seq results, we found that heat-shock proteins Hap1 and Cdr1 are highly expressed in yeast, while expression of heat shock proteins Cdr1 is decreased in yeast (Fig 1A). Moreover, heat-shock proteins Hap1 and Cdr1 are highly expressed in C. albicans and C. dubliniensis (Supplementary Fig S7). The transcriptomic data also confirmed that heat shock proteins are expressed in yeast, while heat shock proteins are expressed in C. albicans.

To further validate our RNA-Seq RNA-Seq results, we next examined the expression of the heat-shock protein Hap1 and Cdr1 in C. albicans.


## Discussion
orthopsilosis and compared them with the genes encoding those enzymes in the other pathogenic fung. We first compared the functional expression of the three C. orthopsilosis genes by RNA-Seq (Supplementary Table S1). The C. orthopsilosis genes are characterized by the absence of heme biosynthesis and the lack of heme dehydrogenase and heme oxygenase activities (supplementary Table S1). In addition, the C. orthopsilosis transcriptome is characterized by the absence of heme biosynthesis and the absence of heme oxidoreductase and heme reductase activities (supplementary Table S1). These genes have a conserved arrangement in C. orthopsilosis, which is consistent with the recent finding that heme biosynthesis and heme reductase activities are absent in the heme biosynthesis gene cluster in other fungi (44, 45). The transcription factor TF-1 (formerly known as Hgc1) is required for heme biosynthesis, but deletion of this gene in C. orthopsilosis did not result in an increase in fungal biomass. In contrast, the cda2 gene in C. orthopsilosis does not have an orthologue in C. orthopsilosis.

The cda2 gene in C. orthopsilosis contains the same transcription factor domains as the cda1 gene (supplementary Table S1). The C. orthopsilosis cda2 gene encodes a transcription factor with two copies of the cda2 gene. The cda2 gene encodes an ortholog of the cda1 gene (supplementary Table S1). This gene has the same transcription factor domains and is not found in C. orthopsilosis.

The cda2 gene in C. orthopsilosis encodes a transcription factor that is absent from other fungal genomes (44). Cda2 in C. orthopsilosis is orthologous to the bZIP transcription factor TF-1 (supplementary Table S1). The bZIP transcription factor TF-1 is essential for C. orthopsilosis to grow, which is in contrast to the other fungi.
