# Detailed Survey of Chitin Production by Hyphodiscus latifolia Associated with Uraqualia venenifolia
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
There has been a lot of discussion about whether or not chromatophores are responsible for the phenotypic differences between strains. Previously we found that the C-terminus of the mycelia of the fungal pathogen Cryptococcus gattii contained mycelia with the same number of chromatophores as those of the non-mycelial strain C. albidus. In this study we tried to determine whether the chromatidizes observed in C. gattii are responsible.


## Introduction
. K. 2008) and Uraquale dellebolica (Zhang et al. 2007) are some of the different species of Hyphodiscus, and are known as white-rot fungi. Hyphodiscus was first recorded in the tropical areas of Africa (U. S. Kueil & S. Lebel) and was later recorded from temperate areas in the Americas (U. S. Kueil & S. Lebel). The genus Hyphodiscus was originally described from Phanerozoa hemolymph (Zhang et al. 2007) and it is a necrotrophic fungal genus, found in the polar regions of the North and South hemispheres. The genus was described from the thallus of Hyphodiscus by Eriksson (1809) in his Phanerozoa hemolymph (Eriksson & Wingfield 1963).

Hyphodiscus was first described by Crous (1809) from the thallus of Phanerozoa hemolymph (Eriksson & Wingfield 1963). It was later recorded from the thallus of Phanerozoa hemolymph (Crous 1963). The genus Hyphodiscus was transferred to the genus Hyphodiscus by Johansson & Thorbök (Hjortstam & Thorbök 1997), and its sexual morph is typified by Hyphodiscus heterophyllus (Källen & Hansen 1984). Hyphodiscus is characterized by a thick-walled, septate, dark brown to black phialidic, subglobose to ovoid, phragmospores with central brown or black walls, and phialides with prominent apical pits (Jägerbewäger & Hansen 1984).

Hyphodiscus is a sequestrate species that produces conidia after leaf fall. The conidia are borne on the surface of leaf fragments and are borne in sympodial groups. The diploid is diploid and haploid (2n = 1). The haploid cells are capable of dividing by multilateral budding. Only haploid cells are observed in the sporangiophores. In the sexual state, haploid cells differentiate into diploid haploid progeny cells that produce conidia in response to environmental cues (Zhou et al. 2009).


## Methods
Hyphal blocks were removed with a fine scalpel and placed in a clean plastic dish and placed on the glass slid. A half of each Hyphal block was covered with a transparent plastic bag, and the other half was placed on the glass slide. The glass slide was placed on a glass slide with a plastic plug and placed in the laboratory with water in order to prevent hyphal loss. The hyphal blocks were gently placed in a sterile box containing a rubber seal to prevent thawing. The box was placed in the laboratory with the water and air in order to prevent hyphal loss. The box was then placed in a plastic box for 5 h at room temperature to promote hyphal growth. The hyphodiscs were separated from the hyphal blocks by cutting the hyphal blocks into pieces. The hyphal blocks were allowed to grow on the glass slide for 5 days to prevent thawing. The hypha blocks were then transferred to a plastic box and placed in a plastic box containing a rubber seal to prevent thawing. The box was then placed in a plastic box containing a water-sealed glass plug and placed in a plastic box for 5 h at room temperature to promote hyphal growth. The hyphodiscs were separated from the hyphal blocks by cutting the hyphodisc pieces into pieces and placing them on a glass slide with a rubber seal to prevent thawing. The box was then placed in a plastic box containing a water-sealed glass plug and placed in a plastic box for 5 h at room temperature to promote hyphal growth. The hypha blocks were then transferred to a plastic box containing a water-sealed glass plug and placed in a plastic box for 5 h at room temperature to promote hyphal growth. The hyphodiscs were then transferred to a plastic box containing a water-sealed glass plug and placed in a plastic box for 5 h at room temperature to promote hyphal growth. The hyphodiscs were then transferred to a plastic box containing a water-sealed glass plug and placed in a plastic box for 5 h at room temperature to promote hyphal growth. The glass slide was then placed in a plastic box containing a water-sealed glass plug and placed in a plastic box for 5 h at room temperature to promote hyphal growth.


## Results
2003, col. F. Liu, cultures CBS 108407 = CPC 11597 = FMR 15883; CPC 11598 = CBS 108409 = CPC 11598 = FMR 15884; CPC 11599 = CBS 108410 = CPC 11599 = FMR 15886; CPC 11705 = CBS 108411 = CPC 11705 = FMR 15887.

Notes - The name F. latifolia (clade F. ventricola) is based on the type locality, based on the collection date and host, and based on the conidial size of the conidia (10-20 × 5-7 µm). Phylogenetically, F. ventricola is close to F. fraxinii, F. vasei, F. sphaeropsis, F. fruticosa and F. latifolia, and is morphologically quite distinct from them in having less than 2-septate conidia (Bat. & C.J. Marincowitz, Fungi Columb. 12: 239). However, the conidia of F. ventricola are longer and narrower, and fusiform and fusiform-fusiform, and hence the generic name F. ventricola is not suitable for this species. Morphologically, the species is similar to F.


## Discussion
However, this species was originally collected from the rainforest of Mexico, Mexico and Guatemala, but was discovered in Costa Rica and Venezuela in 2011, and was also collected by Roberta . Rivera in the last survey in Florida in 2014 [4]. The identification of Hyphodiscus fusiformis in Florida is based on the results of a comprehensive survey of Hyphodiscus species collected in Florida. The majority of the species in the survey have been collected in Florida, and it is believed that it is now endemic to this area. However, some species in the survey were not collected in Florida. Therefore, our findings are in agreement with the previous reports [5, 6].

Hyphodiscus hyphopodis is a member of the genus Hyphodiscus, which is represented by 16 species in the Hyphodiscus group, and represents a distinct branch in the genus Hyphodiscus. This species was originally collected from the rainforest of Mexico, Mexico and Guatemala, but was discovered in Costa Rica and Venezuela in 2011, and was also collected by Roberta M. Rivera in the last survey in Florida in Florida in 2014 [4]. The species has been associated with tropical and temperate regions, but not in temperate regions, especially in Florida. This species was originally collected from the rainforest of Mexico, Mexico and Guatemala, but was discovered in Costa Rica and Venezuela in 2011 [4]. The species is now represented in the genus Hyphodiscus, which is represented by 16 species in the Hyphodiscus group, and represents a distinct branch in the genus Hyphodiscus. This species was originally collected from the rainforest of Mexico, Mexico and Guatemala, but was discovered in Costa Rica and Venezuela in 2011 [4].

Dothideomycetes (Basidiomycota) is a monotypic genus of yeasts, which represent 46% of the total yeast communities in nature [14]. This genus is widely distributed in tropical and temperate regions and is widely distributed in tropical regions, particularly in Florida, Mexico and Guatemala [14]. This genus was originally collected from trees in temperate forests in tropical regions, but was subsequently identified in Costa Rica and Venezuela [4].
