# Detection of pathogenic microorganisms in urine of hospitalized patients: an univariate analysis of urine microbiome analysis
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
A 39-year-old man was admitted to our hospital complaining of dyspnea, cough, intermittent sweating and a low-grade fever. Chest X-ray and computed tomography showed bilateral cavitary lesions in the left lower lobe, which was initially suspected to be thrombosis. However, a repeat chest CT revealed a deeper thrombosis than the first one. Tests for organic malignancy were inconclusive. Tests for leucocyte antigen (LA) in the serum, ophthalmic protein (OPP), complement system in the oesophageal fluid, complement activation and anti-inflammatory cytokines in the bone marrow were negative. In addition, tests for cytokines in the CSF were inconclusive. The patient's condition worsened and he expired.

Thrombosis is a common cause of hospital stay in HIV/AIDS patients. It is a challenge for clinicians to differentiate between thrombosis and either endobronchial or pericardial signs. It is also a challenge to diagnose and guide effective treatment to be attempted. Thrombosis can complicate the medical care of HIV patients and may be fatal.

We report a case of thrombosis in a male patient with pulmonary and cardiac endobronchial lesions.


## Introduction
Endophytes are microbial colonizers on plants and other organisms and function as a source of energy for the life-cycle, and hence represent a key component of the microbiota (Binder et al., 2015). These microorganisms are often grouped into three major groups, namely rhizobacteria, which are highly commensal, highly pathogenic and able to cause infections, and microcolonial (bacteria, fungi and other microbes) (Huffnagle and Noverr, 2015).

Microcolonial endophytes (MC) can be divided into two types, the classical and the multidimensional, depending on the environment, host, and the host (Huffnagle and Noverr, 2015). The classical MC are characterized by a lack of commensalism and rarely cause infections in healthy individuals, while the multidimensional MC are characterized by a high level of commensalism and they are associated with serious disease, usually as a result of chronic infections (Huffnagle and Noverr, 2015).

In the present study, we characterized the diversity of microbial endophytes from the root rhizosphere of six Brazilian nurseries and their ability to cause chronic rhizosphere infections. Microcolonial MC were isolated from their rhizosphere and culture was carried out. The diversity of fungal endophytes was assessed by isolating the best endophytic isolates from the rhizosphere and culture using commercially available culture media. The diversity of fungal endophytes was determined by comparing the diversity of total bacterial and fungal DNA, and comparing the diversity of total DNA and ribosomal RNA. The results showed that fungi and bacteria can be isolated from endophytic isolates from different hosts and environmental conditions and that their diversity is highly dependent on the host (Huffnagle and Noverr, 2015).


## Methods
In order to understand the bacterial and fungal communities in urine, we performed a comparison of the urine samples to the standard urine sample in the presence of either . capsulatum or H. bloebeii in order to identify pathogens present in the urine samples. We found that there were a total of 13 different bacterial and fungal pathogens in the urine samples, but no Gram positive organisms were detected. The main bacterial and fungal pathogens present in the urine samples were Streptococcus pyogenes, Bacillus subtilis, Candida albicans, Micrococcus luteus, Bacillus subtilis, Escherichia coli, Pneumocystis posadasii, Mycobacterium tuberculosis, Scedosporium syrieria, Candida tropicalis, Cryptococcus neoformans, Aspergillus spp., and A. fumigatus. In total, 29 bacterial and 28 fungal pathogens were detected in urine samples, but no Gram negative organisms were detected in the standard urine sample. The main fungal pathogens present in the urine samples were Candida albicans, Candida parapsilosis, Cryptococcus neoformans, Aspergillus spp., and Aspergillus flavus. The main fungi present in the standard urine sample were Candida albicans, Candida krusei, Candida tropicalis, Candida glabrata, Candida parapsilosis, Candida krusei, Candida lusitaniae, Candida albicans, Candida parapsilosis, Candida krusei, Candida lusitaniae, Candida krusei, Candida dubliniensis, Candida tropicalis, Candida glabrata, Candida krusei, and Candida dubliniensis. All fungal pathogens detected in the standard urine sample were Candida krusei and Candida tropicalis, Candida dubliniensis, Candida krusei, Candida glabrata, Candida dubliniensis, Candida dubliniensis, and Candida dubliniensis, respectively. In addition, only Scedosporium spp. in the standard urine sample were detected.


## Results
Infection with H. boltsfield
To examine the virulence of H. boltsfield isolates in the L. donovani model, we employed a mammalian model. In this model, the kidneys of the L. donovani strain H99 are routinely used for infection with H. boltsfield. Here, we used the L. donovani strain H99 to infect the kidneys of an L. donovani-wild type (WT) strain of L. donovani strain, H99, and the L. donovani strain H99. We established infection models by infecting the L. donovani H99 strain with L. donovani H99 and L. donovani H99, respectively. The L.


## Discussion
This observation was not surprising, since the microbial community was also dominated by Gram-positive bacteri. Previous studies have shown that Gram-negative bacteria are dominant in the urinary tract of hospitalized patients [35], and this predominance was associated with antibiotics and antifungal agents. The strong colonization of Gram-positive bacteria may be associated with the patient's immune status, which can lead to pathogenic microorganisms, including Pseudomonas aeruginosa.

The prevalence of organisms found in urine is high, but this is not the case for bacterial infections. Proteobacteria were found in all of the samples (log2 = log2 = log2 = log2 = log2 = log2 = log2 = log2 = log2 = log2 = log2 = log2). This suggests that the strain of Proteobacteria was detected in the urine samples of both groups, and we have previously reported that this strain has a higher level of colonization in the urine samples of hospitalized patients [17]. The bacterial communities were dominated by Proteobacteria, and the majority of the bacterial species (53%) were from other types of bacteria. The relative abundance of Proteobacteria was similar in both groups, and the relative abundance of Pseudomonas was similar to that of other bacteria. The Pseudomonas species has been reported as a major colonizer of the urinary tract of hospitalized patients [36, 37], and this colonizing species is also one of the most frequent pathogens in the urinary tract [37]. Our results indicate that the bacterial communities in the urine samples of hospitalized patients were dominated by Proteobacteria, and this might be due to the presence of some strains of Proteobacteria in the urine of hospitalized patients. Other studies have shown that the relative abundance of Pseudomonas species is significantly associated with the bacterial community in the urinary tract of hospitalized patients [37].

The fecal samples from hospitalized patients contained higher levels of bacteria than the fecal samples from the healthy individuals. This was also observed in the fecal samples from the healthy individuals.
