# Developmental Irregularity and Abnormal Elytra Formation in a Complex Formation between Mateuszczewyczyk and Ephrin Yeasts
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The human fungal pathogen Cryptococcus neoformans can change its nuclei in response to environmental changes. This morphological plasticity allows the formation of highly differentiated cells that resemble “cold shed” cells but are not typically Cryptococcus neoformans-like cells. Cells lacking nuclei-specific ATPase can form highly differentiated cryptococci but, unexpectedly, this cell phenotype is not associated with virulence. To understand how this morphological plasticity contributes to the virulence of C. neoformans, we have investigated the cellular mechanisms underlying this morphological plasticity transition by analyzing nucleic acids in a culture filtration system. We found that cell nucleic acids are rapidly lost upon ATPase loss and that nucleic acids are rapidly lost upon ATPase activation. We found that loss of nucleic acids leads to cell membrane disruption and loss of capsule and melanin. By contrast, loss of capsule and melanin is only apparent when the fungus is grown in a nutrient rich medium. In addition, we found that loss of capsular and melanin is dependent on the growth temperature. We analyzed the influence of nutrient availability on the capsule and melanin production. We found that temperature dependent production of capsule and melanin is less efficient in Cryptococcus with growth at 37°C than at 37°C, suggesting that nutrient deficiency does not account for the morphological plasticity transition. In conclusion, we found that cryptococci can overproduce melanin in the <U+0394>cac7 yeast. We suggest that the switch in melanin production in <U+0394>cac7 cells contributes to the virulence of C. neoformans.


## Introduction
The fungal kingdom is constantly growing, constantly changing, and new fungal species are constantly being discovered every day [1]. Currently, there are approximately 150,000 species of fungi. Of these, only a few species are considered to be saprophytes, parasites, pathogenic or commensals of plants, animals and humans [2]. The majority of the saprophytic fungi are members of the genus Penicillium, including P. konjaciae, P. citrinum, P. subbaecilis, P. zoopigae, P. zymoseptoria and P. aureus [3].

In recent years, several new species of Penicillium have been discovered, including P. quercina, P.


## Methods
The mycelial tissue was collected and washed with .05% Tween 20 (Sigma-Aldrich) twice, and then dried. The mycelia were snap frozen in liquid N_2, and then ground to a fine powder using liquid nitrogen. The dried mycelia powder was transferred into dry ice and freeze-dried for 10 min. Then, the samples were homogenized in liquid N_2, and then the homogenate was transferred to liquid N_2. The internal transcribed spacer (ITS) region of the ribosomal RNA gene was amplified using universal primers ITS1 and ITS4 (White et al. 1990). The PCR protocol was as follows: an initial denaturation at 94 °C for 3 min, followed by 35 cycles of annealing at 94 °C for 30 s, annealing at 55 °C for 45 s, extension at 72 °C for 1 min, and a final extension at 72 °C for 10 min. The PCR products were visualized on 1% agarose gel and purified using a QIAquick gel extraction kit (Qiagen, Hilden, Germany). The purified PCR products were sequenced using the ABI Prism BigDye v.3.1 (Applied Biosystems, Foster City, CA, USA) according to the manufacturer's instructions. The sequences obtained were checked for correct base pair and subject identity. The sequences of the purified PCR products were deposited in GenBank (Table 1).

The assembled data sets were analyzed by MDS (Multiple Sequence Alignment Search Tool) (Li et al. 2005). MDS is a fast and accurate automated tool for studying the phylogenetic relationships among taxa in a complex tree of related taxa. The software employs several levels of alignment and conservation in its analysis. For the analysis, the sequences of the libraries were aligned using the ClustalW algorithm and the data was concatenated (Nylander et al. 2011). The phylogenetic tree was visualized using the program Treeview (Granier et al. 2012).

The phylogenetic relationships among the studied species were determined by comparing the sequence data of the basidiomycetes.


## Results
ostreatus genome project (Tanaka et a., 2014). However, the P. ostreatus genome was not published to date and was therefore not able to be used for the present study. The P. ostreatus genome was constructed using the MLP pipeline in the Zetas genome project (Tanaka et al., 2014) using the Vps15 pipeline (Vitale et al., 2013) and the P. ostreatus genome project (Tanaka et al., 2014). To ensure the genome was updated, we constructed an updated genome with all coding sequences of the chromosomes and assembled the P. ostreatus genome. The P. ostreatus genome was also constructed using the same approach used to construct the P. ostreatus genome (Tanaka et al., 2014). The P. ostreatus genome was then used to build a P. ostreatus homology tree using the Bayesian program (Kim et al., 2015). The tree was rooted with 100 bootstrap replications from the P. ostreatus genome project (Tanaka et al., 2014), with a maximum likelihood tree constructed for each sequence (Fig 1). The results of the P. ostreatus genome project are presented in Fig 1. The P. ostreatus genome is shown in the Bayesian tree in Fig 1, and the Bayesian tree in Fig 1 shows the resulting tree topology.

The P. ostreatus genome was built using the Illumina HiSeq Genomic Workbench platform (Huge, 2014). The P. ostreatus genome was constructed using the Loomis system (Diversi et al., 2016) with a DBAK pipeline (Tanaka et al., 2014). The P. ostreatus genome was then used to build a phylogenetic tree using the R package (Rutherford and Smith, 2014). The tree topology is shown in Fig 1. The P. ostreatus genome was constructed using a Blastp pipeline (Diversi et al., 2016) and the P. ostreatus genome was then used to build a phylogenetic tree using the R package (Rutherford and Smith, 2014). The P. ostreatus genome was then used to build a phylogenetic tree using the R package (Rutherford and Smith, 2014). The P.


## Discussion
It has been shown that . neoformans is able to induce innate immune responses in C. neoformans, including phagocytosis and phagocytosis by neutrophils [28], [29]. The increase in phagocytosis of C. neoformans in macrophages and neutrophils correlates with an increase in the concentration of intracellular ROS [30], and this increased phagocytosis has been attributed to the increased expression of C. neoformans-specific cytokines [31], [32], [33]. In the context of C. neoformans, phagocytosis of C. neoformans by neutrophils was previously shown to be mediated by the ability of neutrophils to phagocytose intracellular pathogens [34], [35]. Therefore, the increased phagocytosis of C. neoformans in neutrophils is a reasonable explanation for the increased phagocytosis of C. neoformans by macrophages and neutrophils. However, this increased phagocytosis is not consistent with an increase in phagocytosis by macrophages and neutrophils. In addition, a shift from a higher phagocytic capacity to a lower phagocytic capacity, as observed in the presence of C. neoformans, is also consistent with an increase in phagocytosis of C. neoformans. This result also provides a basis for the hypothesis that increased phagocytosis is a result of an increase in the phagocytic capacity of neutrophils, as demonstrated in the studies in the presence of C. neoformans [36], [37].

The hypothesis that increased phagocytosis is a result of an increase in phagocytic capacity is supported by a reduction in phagocytic capacity in response to C. neoformans infection. This reduction in phagocytic capacity is a result of decreased phagocytic activity in response to C. neoformans infection. In addition, a decrease in phagocytic capacity in the presence of C. neoformans, is consistent with an increased phagocytic capacity in response to C. neoformans infection.
