# Diagnostic tool for detecting possible causative components of TNF-a with polyanalyses of natural products: project TSCRIP*
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Tuberculosis (TB) is the leading cause of multisystem involvement in humans and can lead to severe pityriasis with long-term survival. Transplant patients with tuberculous meningitis have been shown to be predisposed to develop fever and cough. This study aimed to report a case of pneumonia due to Mycobacterium tuberculosis in a tuberculous lesion in a patient receiving placement at a tertiary care hospital in India. This study included data on respiratory failure, fever and work-related symptoms, and treatment failure. A total of 50 patients were enrolled. Post-event, 60 (43.4%) patients were treated for tuberculosis. Tuberculous meningitis was diagnosed in 17 patients. Combination of bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL) fluid cultures with complete blood count and respiratory specimens were sent for culture and cytology. PCR of BAL fluid cultures was done in 27 patients. Outcome of pneumonia was documented in 11 patients. Treatment failure was described in two patients. A total of 42 patients were analyzed in the study, and 16 (44.7%) had total illness.


## Introduction
Microbial metabolic pathways are involved in many processes, including nutrient acquisition, carbon utilization, and antimicrobial resistance in several ecosystem systems. The recent development of more sensitive, and specific, molecular methods to detect and quantify metabolic fluxes in plants and other organisms in several systems, including soil, seawater, and water, has significantly improved our understanding of these pathways and their impact on plant and animal physiology. In addition, the use of molecular methods to quantify fluxes in the carbon cycle has greatly improved our understanding of how microbial growth occurs and the mechanisms of microbial adaptation to environmental conditions (e.g., using the “Brake Effect” as described by the KeePass methodology) (Gossett et al., 2012). The KeePass methodology relies on the use of high-throughput sequencing (HTS) technologies to quantify fluxes in different carbon cycles in a highly reproducible and reproducible fashion (Gossett et al., 2012). Recently, the KeePass method has been validated in five species of plants (Pseudovada, 2009; Yu and Yau, 2013; Yu et al., 2013), and is used to assess the impact of carbon fluxes on animal physiology (Gossett et al., 2012). In addition, the KeePass method was validated in six microbial species, including Enterobacteriaceae, Bacillus subtilis, Coryneum graminicola, Fusarium oxysporum, and Staphylococcus aureus, and used to monitor changes in carbon fluxes in a carbon cycle-specific manner (Gossett et al., 2012). The KeePass method was validated in seven species of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF), including the filamentous fungus, Aspergillus fumigatus, and the food-borne pathogen, Cryptococcus neoformans, and used to monitor changes in carbon fluxes in a carbon cycle-specific manner (Gossett et al., 2012).

Although the KeePass method has proven to be informative in the animal system (e.g., AMF) (Gossett et al., 2012), it is a first-time-based study that relies solely on the use of high-throughput sequencing technologies to quantify fluxes in the carbon cycle. In contrast to the well-established high throughput quantitative metabolomics methods (Gossett et al.


## Methods
Antifungal agents
E. coli OP50 (E. coli OP50) was obtained from Sigma-Aldrich (St Louis, MO, USA). E. coli OP50 was used as a standard strain for the preparation of a stock suspension of aqueous K. pneumoniae, which was obtained from a commercial animal food source (The American Veterinary Medical Association, Ann Arbor, MI, USA). F. graminearum was obtained from American Type Culture Collection (ATCC, Manassas, VA, USA).

E. coli OP50 was cultured in 1 L of Muller Hinton Broth (MHB, Hefei, China), at 37 °C for 18 h, to a turbidity of 1.0-1.2 McFarland standard. The bacteria were then resuspended in sterile phosphate-buffered saline (PBS, pH 7.4), and then spotted on Sabouraud dextrose agar (SDA, Merck, Darmstadt, Germany) and incubated at 37 °C for 48 h. Plates were then incubated at 37 °C for 24 h and then transferred to Sabouraud dextrose broth (SDB, Merck) and incubated for 24 h. The stock culture was diluted with phosphate-buffered saline (PBS, pH 7.


## Results
om/) was used to predict TNF-a producers with the TSCRIP* algorithm (Figure 4.

Genotyping and sequencing
The TSCRIP* predicted products were further analyzed by using the A. fumigatus TSCRIP* method to identify and characterize TNF-a producers. An analysis of the total genome sequence revealed that most TNF-a producers from the pathogenic Aspergillus spp. are clonal and harbor a TSCRIP* marker. A. fumigatus TSCRIP* has been used previously in the identification of TNF-a producers from A. fumigatus and A. niger [12]. The TSCRIP* method was used to identify and characterize producers of TNF-a from A. fumigatus and A. niger [12].

The total TNF-a producer population from A. fumigatus is shown in Figure 5. The majority of producers from A. niger are clonal, and one producer (the neotropical strain CBS 433.71) is a member of the clonal lineage. A. niger produces 4 to 6 times more TNF-a than A. fumigatus (Table 2). This strain is also the representative of the A. fumigatus clonal lineage. It has been shown previously that, under the conditions of growth conditions, A. fumigatus and A. niger are able to produce both TNF-a and TNF-ß [12]. For A. niger, A. fumigatus produces both TNF-a and TNF-ß and does not produce any TNF-ß. It has also been shown that A. fumigatus produces both TNF-a and TNF-ß under conditions of growth conditions [12]. The Neotrkit (http://nore.fungi.de/) database was used to identify TNF-ß producers from A. fumigatus. The database also indicated that A. niger produces the highest number of TNF-ß producers (11,744,73).

Genotyping and sequencing
The TSCRIP* method was used to identify and characterize TNF-a producers from A. fumigatus and A. niger. In addition, a total of 12 TNF-ß producers were identified.


## Discussion
I and SOD (Tubayama et al., 2018). We identified TSCRIP*I and SOD as TNF-a target genes in the G. mellonella model, which is consistent with the phylogenetic analysis of C. elegans TSCRIP*I and SOD as well as the work of Pérez-Hernández et al. (2013) and Gueidan et al. (2017) and the finding that TSCRIP*I is important for pathogenesis and the growth of G. mellonella (Kanetsuka et al., 2017). A single gene in C. elegans is necessary for TNF-a secretion (Gallant et al., 2006) and may be involved in the pathogenesis of G. mellonella, as reported here. Another gene, CPDH1, is required for the release of TNF-a from TNF-a-dependent monocytes and monocytes (Nakayama et al., 2016). The sequence of the CPDH1 gene was identified in the genome of C. elegans and is important for TNF-a secretion in C. elegans, where it is also important for TSCRIP*I and SOD expression in this species (Vogel et al., 2008).

Although not an essential component of the TSCRIP pathway, it has been demonstrated that the expression of monocytes and other macrophages, including Dectin-1- and TNF-a-dependent macrophages and dendritic cells, is necessary for the growth of TNF-a-producing murine and human TSCRIP*I and SOD mutants (Zhang et al., 2016). In the present study, we found that the TSCRIP*I gene was expressed in all TSCRIP*I, TSCRIP*I, and TSCRIP*I+/+ mice and that TSCRIP*I was expressed at high levels in the TSCRIP-I gene knockout mice, consistent with the observed effects of TSCRIP-I in other model organisms (Vogel et al., 2008). In addition, we found that TSCRIP*I was expressed in the TSCRIP-I-deficient mice, suggesting that TSCRIP*I is also required for the TSCRIP-I gene expression in this model.
