# Differentiation of Candida albicans morphotypes derived from diagnosis of intracranial infections in Kuwait University Hospital
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
In the grand strategization, the effects of aerodynamic effectors on the biofilm have been usually attributed to their size. However, the high-performance Aerosolization Mobility Part (AMP) feature of the biofilm has been increasingly recognized. The purpose of this research was to evaluate the effect of a car with a diameter of 108 nm on the biofilm cell and to determine its effect on the interactions of the biofilm with the tested agents.

Cell morphology was investigated by transmission electron microscopy, and the scanning electron microscopy, X-ray diffraction, and confocal microscopy were used to analyse the differentially affected areas. An assessment of the biofilm cell size was carried out by confocal scanning laser microscopy and scanning electron microscopy. The effects of carotenoid concentration on biofilm morphology were also examined.


## Introduction
The term “microbiome” was first introduced by the Dutchman Jarrah in 1821 [1]. Today, more than 70 species of bacteria and 13 different classes of archaea are found in the human microbiome. Many of these bacteria and fungi are pathogenic to human [2]. Microbiome of the human host can be affected by different conditions, which can be diverse and can have a direct effect on host physiology and the physiology of the host immune system [3]. The innate immune system plays a crucial role, in part through the recognition and destruction of microbial pathogens and bacteria [4]. The immune system of the host has many similarities with the innate immune system of the lungs and the outer layer of the skin. The inflammatory process in the skin is closely associated with the development of skin lesions. Skin lesions result from infections with bacteria, fungi and viruses that are cleared from the skin. In the case of fungal infections, the infection process is mainly governed by the production of antibodies by the innate immune system. For instance, the yeast, Cryptococcus neoformans, can recognize and replicate the pathogen and initiate a Th1 response. Th1 type immune responses are mainly involved in the development of inflammatory reactions in the skin, mucous membranes, and the bloodstream. The early recognition of fungal infections is mainly triggered by the observation of microorganisms in the external milieu, such as bacteria or fungi that are able to survive in the skin. Th2 type immune responses are mainly triggered by the presentation of bacteria or fungi in the skin, and the differentiation of Th2 cells from Th1 type cells in the blood [5]. The th1 cytokine interleukin-1ß (IL-1ß) and interleukin-2 (IL-2), which recognize and kill fungi, are cytokines that initiate the inflammatory response and play a role in the development of Th2 type responses [6]. In addition, Th2 type immune responses are involved in the maintenance of inflammation in the skin, mucous membranes and the outer layer of the skin [7,8]. In the case of fungal infections, the infection process is mainly governed by the production of antibodies by the host immune system [9].


## Methods
To test for differences in the morphotype of Candida albicans, yeasts of Cryptococcus neoformans were cultured on Sabouraud Dextrose Agar (SDA) at 37°C for 7 days and incubated at 37°C for 24 . In order to exclude fungal contamination, Candida albicans was cultured in Sabouraud Dextrose Broth (SBD) at 37°C for 24 h. Then, Candida albicans suspension was centrifuged at 8000× g for 15 min at 4°C and washed with sterile distilled water. For in vitro antifungal susceptibility testing, Candida albicans was cultured in Sabouraud Dextrose Broth at 37°C for 24 h. The suspensions were prepared by serial dilution of the cell suspension in sterile distilled water and adjusted to the required concentrations. Then, 100 µl of this suspension was spread on SDA plates. The SDA plates were incubated at 37°C for 24 h. Then, the colony forming units (CFU) were counted. The lowest concentration of Candida albicans that showed no growth was considered as the minimal inoculum. The MIC was defined as the lowest concentration of the drug that inhibited 50% of fungal growth or the growth of fungal cells in comparison with the control. The minimum fungicidal concentrations (MFC) were defined as the lowest concentration of the drug that completely inhibited fungal growth of Candida albicans and was able to kill 50% of Candida albicans cells. The minimal fungicidal concentration (MFC) was defined as the lowest concentration of drug that completely inhibited the growth of Candida albicans and was able to kill 50% of Candida albicans cells. The MFC of a given drug was defined as the lowest concentration that completely inhibited the growth of the fungal cells. The minimum fungicidal concentrations (MFC) were defined as the lowest concentration of drug that completely inhibited the growth of the fungus. MIC values were determined for the lowest concentration of the drug that completely inhibited the growth of the fungus. The MFC values were calculated from the following equation: MIC = MIC of drug A, MIC = MIC of drug B, MIC = MIC of drug C, MIC = MIC of drug D.


## Results
Among all clinical isolates tested, 14 (24%) were . albicans, five (7%) were C. dubliniensis, and three (3%) were C. tropicalis. Eight isolates were C. glabrata, one isolate was C. parapsilosis, and the remaining five were C. parapsilosis. Eleven isolates were C. glabrata and two were C. dubliniensis. Three isolates were C. glabrata and two were C. tropicalis. The most common Candida species isolated in Kuwait were C. albicans and C. dubliniensis, but there were also two Candida species that were isolated in more than one country.

Candida albicans isolates were isolated in more than one country from all the countries tested and were isolated in a wide range of geographic locations. The highest frequency of isolates was found in Kuwait, with the most commonly isolated species in Kuwait (14 isolates), followed by the Netherlands (5 isolates), Spain (3 isolates), and the United States (1 isolate). The most commonly isolated Candida species were C. parapsilosis (36 isolates), C. glabrata (34 isolates), and C. tropicalis (20 isolates). The most common C. albicans species isolated in Kuwait were C. glabrata (16 isolates) and C. dubliniensis (10 isolates), and the most commonly isolated C. parapsilosis species were C. glabrata (16 isolates) and C. tropicalis (10 isolates).

Candida albicans isolates were isolated in more than one country from all the countries tested and were isolated in a wide range of geographic locations. The most commonly isolated Candida species were C. albicans (16 isolates) and C. dubliniensis (10 isolates). The most commonly isolated Candida species were C. parapsilosis (16 isolates), C. glabrata (10 isolates), and C. tropicalis (10 isolates). The most commonly isolated C. glabrata isolates were C. parapsilosis (16 isolates), C.


## Discussion
This may result in a decrease in the size of the yeast-like cells [47], a decrease in the morphology of the hyphal cell [48] and an increase in the number of yeast-like cells [49. The morphological differences between yeast-like cells and hyphal cells in the species A. pullulans and A. melanogenum are generally ascribed to the different surface characteristics and their phagocytosis and micro-environment [50]. The differences observed in the morphological characteristics of A. pullulans and A. melanogenum may be due to the differences in the morphological properties of these two species and their different lifestyles.

The observed differences in the morphological properties of the two species and their different lifestyles in Kuwait may be due to different molecular genetic differences between the two species, which could also be due to differences in the molecular structures of these two species. In other words, the morphological characteristics of the two species may be different because of differences in the morphological properties of the two species. However, the molecular genetic differences between the two species may also be due to the differences in the morphological characteristics of these two species, which could also be due to the differences in the morphology of the two species. The morphological differences between the two species may be due to the morphological differences between the two species. However, the molecular genetic differences between the two species may also be due to differences in the molecular mechanisms of these two species.

In the present study, the morphological characteristics of the two species differed significantly from each other. In particular, the morphology of the hyphal cells of A. pullulans and A. melanogenum differed significantly from each other. Although the morphological differences between the two species are related to the different lifestyle, the molecular genetic differences between these two species may also be due to the differences in the morphological characteristics of the two species. The differences between the morphological characteristics of the two species may also be due to differences in the morphological properties of the two species.

The morphological characteristics of the two species were different from each other. In particular, the morphology of the hyphal cells of A. pullulans and A. melanogenum differed significantly from each other.
