# Diversity and Ecology of Microbial Communities in the Cargoes of Marine Aquarium
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Cryptococcus gattii causes life-threatening infections of central nervous system and lungs. The fungal life cycle is a critical step in many aspects of the ecology of the fungus, from generation of a unique population composed of saprotrophs that can survive the innate immune system to the initiation of infection by the biofilm-forming morphotype of C. gattii that becomes predominant in the lungs. While some aspects of the life-cycle are well established, others are less well-studied. In many aspects the life-cycle in C. gattii is similar to that in other basidiomycete fungi, but the underlying mechanisms are distinctly different. C. gattii has more dominant and more extensive life-cycle stages compared to C. oselmoides. However, the mechanisms that underlie the differences in life-cycle stages of C. gattii are poorly understood. In this study, we analyzed the life-cycle of four isolates of the pathogenic yeast species C. gattii in a mouse host. These isolates were the representative isolates studied in this study. While isolates of C. gattii were more abundant in the lung of mice, a subset was more abundant in the brain in mice. Overall, we conclude that the mouse infection model in C. gattii is a useful system to compare the host-pathogen interactions in C. gattii.


## Introduction
Marine microorganisms represent a large pool of novel knowledge and new perspective. Aquarium microorganisms can be broadly classified into several groups (Diversity, Ecology, Biology, and Ecology) (Hovmoller and Watson, 2008), which provide a framework during a diversity assessment the potential to discover novel taxa from marine microorganisms. Marine microorganisms have been recognized as useful sources of bioactive agents and may be valuable for the discovery of new bioactive agents from marine microorganisms (Watson, 2000). Many marine species have been found to be rich in bioactive agents, which can be obtained by diversification of marine microorganisms. The diversity of marine microorganisms is an important source of bioactive agents and may be used as a new source of bioactive agents (Watson, 2000).

There are many reasons for the high diversity of marine microorganisms. The marine environment can be found in multiple locations, such as estuaries, estuaries, marine lagoon, seawater, and estuaries. Marine microorganisms have a wide range of applications in pharmaceutical and chemical industries, which are important sources of novel bioactive compounds (Bell, 1998; Rodriguez et al., 2008). The diversity of marine microorganisms and the key bioactive compounds can be exploited for the development of new bioactive agents (Davoli et al., 2007). There is a strong correlation between the diversity of marine microorganisms and the composition of their community and there is a great difference in the diversity of marine microorganisms and the bioactive compounds produced by marine microorganisms (Bell, 1998).

The marine environment can be found in various forms of water, such as seabirds, marine animals, and algae (Bell, 1998). Marine animals are among the most abundant natural resources in the world, and they are important producers of bioactive compounds and have been used as drugs, industrial chemicals, and nutraceuticals (Davoli et al., 2007). The marine environment is enriched in lignocellulosic materials, including marine sponges, tunicates, sponges, algae, and fungi (Struhl, 2002). Marine algae are of great economic importance and have been used in many industries, including food, pharmaceutical, and cosmetic industries, as producers of secondary metabolites, and in the treatment of various diseases (Struhl, 2002).


## Methods
The Portuguese Ministry of Environment, Forestry and Fisheries (Permit number: 2013/2014/Statute on the Protection of Marine Animals - Acta Puntes, São Paulo State, Brazil) was consulted on the projec.

The project was approved by the Brazilian High Representative for Animal Experimentation and Ethics (Permit number: 2015/2011/Statute on the Protection of Animal Animals - Acta Puntes, São Paulo State, Brazil) and by the Brazilian Environmental Protection Agency (Permit number: 2013/2012/Statute on the Protection of Animal Animals - Acta Puntes, São Paulo State, Brazil).

The sequences of the molecular DNA of C. albicans and C. parapsilosis were deposited in GenBank with the accession numbers MF21718-MID21422 (C. parapsilosis), MF21719-MID21422 (C. albicans), MF21722-MID21423 (C. parapsilosis), and MF21724-MID21501 (C. tropicalis).

2.2. In Vivo Analysis
The in vitro analysis of the SES properties of the studied marine marine species was performed using the Zymo Research ZymoSSTAB™ System (Zymo Research, USA). The ZymoSSTAB™ software (Zymo Research, USA) was used for the calculation of the molecular weight and molecular structure, and the results are presented as the mean ± SD of the values obtained.

2.3. Molecular Batch Yeast Transformation
The strains of C. albicans and C. parapsilosis were transformed with the previously described methods (20). The strain was cultivated in potato dextrose broth (PDB) at 37°C for 48 h. The transformants were selected based on the presence of the large sequence motifs SES_000162 and SES_000167 (C. albicans), SES_000163 and SES_000164 (C. parapsilosis), and SES_000165 and SES_000166 (C. tropicalis). In order to differentiate C. albicans and C. parapsilosis from C. parapsilosis, the C.


## Results
For a total of 65,755 OTUs, 2,562 OTUs, and 2,035 OTUs were shared by all sampling sites, as shown in Fig S. The fungal community of the Cargoes of Marine Aquariums was dominated by the genera Ascomycota, Basidiomycota, Glomeromycota, and Gloxobacterium (Table S3). The remaining 3,534 OTUs were assigned to the genera Ascomycota, Basidiomycota, Glomeromycota, and Gloxobacterium. The Basidiomycota, Glomeromycota, and Gloxobacterium were the dominant genera in all sampling sites. The Glomeromycota, Basidiomycota, and Gloxobacterium were the predominant fungal genera in the Cargoes of Marine Aquariums. The Glomeromycota, Basidiomycota, and Gloxobacterium were the dominant genera in the Cargoes of Marine Aquariums. In the fungal community of the Cargoes of Marine Aquariums, the most abundant genera were Ascomycota, Basidiomycota, Glomeromycota, and Gloxobacterium (Table S3). The Ascomycota, Basidiomycota, Glomeromycota, and Gloxobacterium were the dominant fungal genera in the Cargoes of Marine Aquariums. The Glomeromycota, Basidiomycota, and Gloxobacterium were the dominant fungal genera in the Cargoes of Marine Aquariums. In the fungal community of the Cargoes of Marine Aquariums, the most abundant genera were Ascomycota, Basidiomycota, Glomeromycota, and Gloxobacterium (Table S3). The Ascomycota, Basidiomycota, Glomeromycota, and Gloxobacterium were the dominant fungal genera in the Cargoes of Marine Aquariums.


## Discussion
We found that the Cargoes were dominated by . gigasporum, which was found in 12.3% of the total number of Cargoes (Figure 1), and there were also other species of species, such as C. helminthii, C. crescentus, C. cyrionii, and C. tenuissima, in the same proportions as the marine-aquarium communities. These species have been detected in Cargoes of other marine-aquarium species such as P. flaurantae, P. palmatense, and P. terricola. It is possible that these species have the ability to produce cellulose and are able to produce hemicellulose, which is a main component of their cell walls.

C. terricola was the second most abundant species, occurring in 15.2% of the total number of Cargoes (Figure 1). These two species were also found in other marine-aquarium species such as P. gallus, P. terricola, and P. guignardii, which is one of the marine-aquarium species which can be found in the same proportions as the marine-aquarium species. It was also found in the Cargoes of P. terricola, which was found in 15.8% of the total number of Cargoes (Figure 1). The distribution of the major fungal phylotypes in the Cargoes of Marine Aquariums is in agreement with previous findings [36]. The Cargoes of P. terricola and P. gallus are the most dominant phylotypes in the Cargoes of C. terricola, and they are represented in the same proportions as the marine-aquarium species (Figure 1). Among the fungal phylotypes, P. terricola was the most abundant phylotype, representing 68.1% of the total fungal community, while the other phylotypes were found only in the Cargoes of P. terricola, while the other phylotypes were detected in the Cargoes of P. terricola and P. gallus, respectively. The distribution of the major fungal phylotypes in the Cargoes of C. terricola is in agreement with previous findings [37]. The Cargoes of P.
