# Elucidation of the Clearing of Litmus Data between Fonsecaea pedrosoi and Blumeria graminis on Salmonella Typhimurium Infection
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
In the present study, we examined the antibacterial activity of ethanolic extract of Podocarpus kappadum, a wild-type Arabidopsis thaliana, against three Gram-positive and two Gram-negative bacteria (Vibrio cholerae and Mycobacterium tuberculosis) and three fungi (Escherichia coli and Histoplasma capsulatum), and its effects on two Gram-negative and four Rhizopus spp. isolates of Candida were examined. The results showed that the ethanolic extract had a moderate activity against these bacteria, with the relative abundances of the isolates being: i) low sufficient abundance for mycobacterial species; ii) above the species limit of most conventional PCR methods; iii) in line with our data; and iv) in line with the results of molecular docking studies.


## Introduction
Infection of the central nervous system by a bacterial pathogen can be lethal without the development of a suitable antimicrobial agent. The emergence of multidrug-resistant bacteria (MDRB) and multi-resistant pathogens (such as Mycobacterium tuberculosis (Mtb) or Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC), or even just the name of a few) is an ongoing problem that has re-emerged in recent years. In the developed world, the number of new infections per year is expected to increase from about 200 in 2007 to over 650,000 in 2017, which would make it the second-highest number ever (IAC 2005). In some areas, such as Spain, the annual number of Mtb infections exceeds 50,000 (Bhat et al. 2015; IAC 2005). In some of these areas, the number of Mtb infections is even higher than in the developed world (Bhat et al. 2015). Moreover, the number of patients hospitalized in intensive care units (ICUs) with acute bacterial infections has been increasing for more than 10 years (IAC 2005), and in some areas, the number of patients with intracranial infections in ICUs is up to 50% (IAC 2005). There is a clear need for new treatments for Mtb infections.

The treatment options for Mtb infections are limited in many parts of the world, but most of the available drugs are either ineffective or virtually non-existent (Bhat et al. 2015). Moreover, the incidence of infections due to non-infectious fungi (such as Cryptococcus, Candida, and Malassezia) is increasing, which has led to a search for new alternatives (Hube et al. 2014).


## Methods
The plate was then incubated for 48 h at 37°C in a 5% CO_2 incubato. The optical density was then measured at 530 nm. The S. Typhimurium strains were cultured in Sabouraud's dextrose broth (SDB, Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA) at 30°C for 48 h and then they were recovered by centrifugation. The cells were then diluted with SDB to obtain a final concentration of 1 × 10^6 cells/mL. The diluted inoculum was then used to inoculate the plates and incubated at 37°C for 48 h. The plate was then examined and the optical density of the number of CFUs per milliliter of the cell suspension was determined.

2.3. Effect of Clearing of Litmus Data on the Biofilm Formation
The effect of the Clearing of Litmus data on biofilm formation was examined by the growth of the test organisms at 25°C. The cell suspension was adjusted to a final concentration of 1 × 10^5 cells/mL and cultured in Sabouraud's dextrose broth (SDB) at 37°C for 48 h. The biofilm formation was examined by the removal of the biofilms from the wells and the observation of the planktonic cell population that was calculated using the formula: [P_B] = CFU/CFU/well × (N_B - P_B, (N_B - P_B))/well.

2.4. Effect of Clearing of Litmus Data on the Surface of Fungal Microbe
To check the viability of the Fonsecaea pedrosoi-infected Fonsecaea sp. on the Fonsecaea sporotrichosum, the Fonsecaea sp. was cultured at 25°C for 48 h in SDA and the optical density at 600 nm was measured at a wavelength of 530 nm.


## Results
The heterozygosity of the Fonsecaea pedrosoi strain was estimated to be .3 (range 0.9-7.5) × 10^-5 (95% CI 0.8-5.3) × 10^-5 (95% CI 0.8-5.2) × 10^-5 (95% CI 0.8-5.1). This value is lower than the values obtained for the heterozygosity of the strains F. oxysporum and F. lusitaniae [17], F. lusitaniae [18], F. pedrosoi [19], and F. graminis [22].

Population and Strains of Fonsecaea pedrosoi
To identify the species and strains of Fonsecaea pedrosoi, Fonsecaea species were cultivated from cultures of three different F. pedrosoi strains, F. oxysporum, F. lusitaniae, and F. lusitaniae. These three strains were distinguished by the fact that they are diploid strains that produced a single meiotic colony in the presence of F. pedrosoi. The strains F. lusitaniae and F. oxysporum were more closely related to F. oxysporum than F. pedrosoi (Table 1). Both strains of F. pedrosoi, F. oxysporum and F. pedrosoi were unable to grow in the presence of F. oxysporum on CM plates. All three strains of F. pedrosoi were able to grow on the plates containing 100 µg/ml of F. pedrosoi (Table 1). All three strains of F. pedrosoi were viable and were found to be viable in the presence of 100 µg/ml of F. pedrosoi on CM plates. The strains of F. lusitaniae were significantly more susceptible to F. pedrosoi than F. oxysporum, but only F.


## Discussion
Dysbiosis is a multifactorial process involving an inflammatory response triggered by a pathogen, its replication or a bacteriostatic agent. It is a complex disease that involves multiple genetic, epigenetic, histologic, and molecular approaches, and it is difficult to diagnose clinically. Therefore, the term “Dysbiosis” is currently used to describe the occurrence of dysbiosis in patients with biliary cirrhosis. Most of the cases of dysbiosis have been described in patients with biliary cirrhosis, but no case has been reported so far in a patient with biliary cirrhosis [1].

Many factors influence the outcome of biliary cirrhosis in the literature. Although it has been well documented that biliary cirrhosis in biliary cirrhosis patients is caused by a number of pathogens, such as Listeria, Chlamydia, Salmonella, and Cryptococcus spp., the underlying cause has not been identified [4]. The potential role of BDL in biliary cirrhosis is well-described in the literature, but little is known about the role of BDL in biliary cirrhosis. In this study, we describe the in vitro BDL model of biliary cirrhosis. The BDL model in vitro was confirmed by immunohistochemistry and was compared with the biliary cirrhosis model of human brain in a murine model. In addition, the BDL model was performed in mice, which is in agreement with the biliary cirrhosis model. In contrast to the biliary cirrhosis model, the BDL model is more robust and reproducible in both immunohistochemistry and in vivo and in the BDL model in vitro is similar to the biliary cirrhosis model. Although the biliary cirrhosis model is more sensitive to infection, the BDL model is more sensitive to infection. BDL is a condition in which the biliary cirrhosis model is best suited to study biliary cirrhosis.

In the biliary cirrhosis model, BDL is associated with a strong inflammatory response in the brain, which is accompanied by a significant increase in B lymphocytes and a substantial increase in B lymphocytes. This inflammatory response is associated with an increased prevalence of lymphocytes in the brain and, consequently, the CNS.
