# Endophytic fungal community associated with the Rhizome Forest herbivore Xanthophyrcega pombe and the associated Rhizosphere biome
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Background: Antimicrobial resistance (AR) has become a major concern over the past years, with increased use of medical-countermeasureants and monitoring devices, electronic monitoring of immune responses, and the growing number of immunodeficiency/dimorphic self-treatment programs. The present review focuses on the global picture of antibiotic-resistant carbapenems (Ag-Am), their role in the antimicrobial resistance phenomenon, and their future perspectives.

Objective: This review aims to shed light on the impact of AM use on the use of AM biomarkers, specifically their use as intended in the diagnosis of antibiotic-resistant carbapenem-resistant infections.


## Introduction
Macroalgae represent an important component of the world’s energy consumption and are used in several industries, such as food, feed, paper, cosmetics, and other chemicals, and are the main factor driving global oil demand. Nowadays, the microalgae play an important role as an alternative to fossil fuels for the production of energy. Currently, there are approximately 140,000 species of macroalgae [1]. The main producers of macroalgae are Asian, and their macroalgae are considered the major feedstock. The genus Macowania, which includes three species, (E. & J.J.B. Imr.) [2], (F. sp. & J.J.B. Imr. & J.B. Imr.], is widely distributed in the Mediterranean basin [3], and the Mediterranean is the largest source of macroalgae. In recent years, several studies have shown that macroalgae are important for the production of chemicals and fertilizers, and also for biotechnology. For example, the production of long-chain fatty acids is carried out in the Mediterranean basin; thus, the production of oil in the Mediterranean area is dependent on the production of macroalgae. Moreover, the production of macroalgae is a significant source of biofuels [4,5].


## Methods
Paracoccidioides brasiliensis strain and plasmid isolation
Paracoccidioides brasiliensis strain LBC 036 was isolated from a wet towel from the wet towels of a local neighborhood in Shandong province, China. A culture was prepared by the method of Liu and Hai (2012), and the genome of P. brasiliensis (Pb18) was sequenced and aligned to P. brasiliensis genome (Ha et al. 2014) using the ClustalX2 software (http://www.ebi.ac.uk/clustal_2/) and the resulting alignments were checked and edited manually in BioEdit 7.0.5 (Hall 1999). For all sequences, the default parameters were used. All sequences were deposited in the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) GenBank (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/geo/) and their accession numbers are given in Table 1.

Genomic DNA extraction, PCR, and sequencing
Total genomic DNA of P. brasiliensis was isolated from the dried leaves of P. brasiliensis grown on Potato Dextrose Agar (PDA) (Pechler et al. 2009) at 25°C in the dark. The mycelium was crushed using a mortar and pestle, and the DNA was extracted using the DNeasy Plant Mini Kit (Qiagen, Hilden, Germany) according to the manufacturer’s recommendations.

PCR was performed using the universal primer pairs ITS5 and ITS4 (White et al. 1990, Gardes and Bruns 1993), as described by Sipiczki et al. (2014) and the specificity of the PCR was checked by amplification of the internal transcribed spacer (ITS) region of the nuclear ribosomal RNA gene (nrDNA). The primers ITS5F and ITS4 were used to amplify the first and second ITS regions of the rDNA, respectively.


## Results
The bacterial community was dominated by Actinobacteria (4.9%), Firmicutes (25.7%), and Actinomycetes (14.3%) followed by Actinomycetes (2.1%), Actinobacteria (2.2%), and Actinobacterium (1.9%) (Table 1). The fungal community was dominated by Ascomycota (35.3%), Chytridiomycota (10.1%), and Glomeromycota (7.2%) followed by Ascomycota (2.0%), Glomeromycota (1.5%), and Glomeromycota (0.4%) (Table 1). The bacterial community was dominated by the unclassified Ascomycota (48.2%), but the unclassified Ascomycota (22.7%) also had high relative abundances (Table 1). The fungal community was dominated by the unclassified Glomeromycota (2.0%), but the unclassified Glomeromycota (0.2%) also had high relative abundances (Table 1). The fungal community was dominated by the unclassified Ascomycota (13.0%), but the unclassified Ascomycota (7.3%) also had high relative abundances (Table 1).

The relative abundances of the fungal bacterial communities were determined using the Chao1 index and the Shannon index. The Shannon index is an indicator of community structure and the Chao1 index is an indicator of community composition. The relative abundances of fungal communities in the soil were determined using the Chao1 index and the Shannon index. The relative abundances of fungal communities were determined using the Chao1 index and the Shannon index. The relative abundances of the fungal bacterial communities were determined using the Chao1 index and the Shannon index. The relative abundances of the fungal fungal community in the Rhizosphere Forest were determined using the Chao1 index and the Shannon index. The relative abundances of the fungal fungal community in the Rhizosphere Forest were determined using the Chao1 index and the Shannon index. The relative abundances of the fungal fungal community in the Rzosphere Forest were determined using the Chao1 index and the Shannon index. The relative abundances of the fungal fungal community in the rhizosphere forest were determined using the Chao1 index and the Shannon index.


## Discussion

The presence of numerous yeasts in the Rhizome Forest and associated with it suggests that this biotrophic microbial community is capable of utilizing the forest soi. Such a community has been reported in the soil of mangrove trees [40], in association with some trees belonging to the same species as Rhizomella sp. [41]. This is in contrast to other biotrophic yeasts such as Cryptococcus sp., which is reported as a biotrophic microbial community associated with the Rhizome Forest [12]. This suggests that, in the absence of forest soils, the symbiotic microbial community may be more adapted to the Rhizome Forest than the associated forest soils. However, the ability to utilize forest soils does not necessarily imply that this community is able to colonize the associated forest soils. The use of forest soils is linked to the ability to grow on these soils, as these soils contain rich nutrients and high nutrient-to-carbon ratios [42]. In fact, the ability to grow on these soils is associated with the ability to grow on tree roots [43]. In this study, we showed that a significant proportion of the fungal community in the rhizosphere of Xanthophyrcegna sp. was associated with the rhizosphere of Xanthophyrcea sp. It is likely that, similar to Cryptococcus sp. in this study, Cryptococcus sp. could colonize the associated forest soils. However, other fungal genera, such as Paracoccidiodi and Candida, also colonize the rhizosphere of Xanthophyrcea sp. [44]. These genera are members of the Sordariomycetes clade of the Saccharomycetales and are widely distributed in the soil and have been isolated from soil in several countries [45].

The rhizosphere of Xanthophyrcea sp. was found to be rich in yeasts, and a significant proportion of these species were associated with the rhizosphere of Xanthophyrcea sp. This suggests that the fungus is able to colonize the rhizosphere of Xanthophyrcea sp. This is in contrast to other biotrophic microorganisms such as Cryptococcus sp.
