# Enhancing enzyme activity for lipid production by Zymoseptoria tritici in a self-assembled microorganism
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Granulomatous inflammation (GRI) is a common complication in patients with metastatic cancer and several infectious diseases. The aim of this study was to evaluate the immunopathology of renal transplantation (RT) after four months of radiotherapy in order to assess the progress of GRI after treatment and to establish the optimum treatment duration for grafts in order to optimize the administration of therapy. After the first round of radiotherapy (RT-6 or RT-8) the grafts were still in good shape before the sixth month of radiotherapy. At the sixth month, all grafts were completely and permanently deglamed, apart from one previous graft that had severe recalcitrance of the liver that required extensive surgery. At the initiation of radiotherapy (RT-6), the immunopathology of the lesions improved and a mean recovery rate of less than 1% was observed. At the end of radiotherapy (RT-8) the immunopathology of the lesions worsened and the mean CD4+ cell count decreased by 48%, and the histological parameters of myelopurified grafts were decreased by 58%, apart from the decline of the renal function. These observations suggest that the radiotherapy might cause an inappropriate immune response and graft dysfunction that might hinder the healing process. Moreover, the radiotherapy has a strong chance of inducing recalcitrance of the liver in recipients who underwent radiotherapy for metastatic cancer, apart from the risk factor of hepatic metabolism.


## Introduction
Cryptococcal meningitis is an important opportunistic infection in HIV infected patients. The clinical manifestations of cryptococcal meningitis are mostly indolent, subacute, and refractory to antifungal treatment. A primary etiology is due to the fact that the organism is found in the alveolar space.


## Methods
The assay mixture contained 4 mM lysine, 1 mM Mgluorophosphate and .2 mM uridine and the assay was performed on a SpectraMax M3 plate reader (Molecular Devices) at the absorbance of 625 nm. Fatty acid methyl esters (FAMEs) were determined using the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) method as previously described [28]. The assay mixture contained 100 µL of the substrate mixture (1 mg/mL) and 200 µL of MDA and incubated at 30 °C for 1 h. The reaction mixture was then centrifuged at 10,000 g for 5 min and the supernatants were removed. The levels of fatty acid methyl esters (FAE) were determined using the FAMEs assay method as previously described [29]. The assay mixture contained 2 µL of the substrate mixture (1 mg/mL) and 200 µL of MDA and incubated at 30 °C for 1 h. The reaction was stopped by adding 50 µL of the trichloroacetic acid (TCA) substrate mixture (0.1 mg/mL) and incubated for 20 min at 30 °C. The absorbance of the supernatants was measured at 490 nm using a spectrophotometer (BioTek Instruments, Inc). The absorbance of the free fatty acids (FFA) were determined using the NIST 9600 UV-VIS spectrophotometer as previously described [30]. The assay mixture contained 1 µL of the substrate mixture (1 mg/mL) and 200 µL of MDA and incubated at 30 °C for 1 h. The reaction was stopped by adding 100 µL of the trichloroacetic acid (TCA) substrate mixture (0.1 mg/mL) and incubated for 20 min at 30 °C. The absorbance of the supernatants was measured at 590 nm using a spectrophotometer (BioTek Instruments, Inc). The FAMEs activity was determined using the EZ-LISA method as previously described [30].


## Results
The wild-type strain was then inoculated into the YPD plate for 2 h and fed for 1 . The Zymoseptoria tritici cultures were then harvested and analyzed by SDS-PAGE using mass spectrometry. The lipid content of Zymoseptoria tritici was quantified by using the lipid extraction method described previously. The results showed that the lipid content was higher in the self-assembled Zymoseptoria tritici than the self-assembled wild-type strain (Figure 2). It is important to mention that the lipid content of Zymoseptoria tritici was significantly higher than that of the wild-type strain in the self-assembled microorganism. The lipid content of the self-assembled microorganism was significantly higher than that of the self-assembled wild-type strain in the self-assembled microorganism. The lipid content of the self-assembled Zymoseptoria tritici was significantly higher than that of the self-assembled wild-type strain in the self-assembled microorganism. The results showed that the lipid content of Zymoseptoria tritici was significantly higher than that of the self-assembled wild-type strain in the self-assembled microorganism.

Moreover, the lipid content of Zymoseptoria tritici was significantly higher than that of the wild-type strain in the self-assembled microorganism (Figure 2). The lipid content of Zymoseptoria tritici was significantly higher than that of the wild-type strain in the self-assembled microorganism. These results demonstrated that the lipid content of Zymoseptoria tritici was significantly higher than that of the wild-type strain in the self-assembled microorganism.

Protein Kinase Activity of Zymoseptoria Tritici
In order to evaluate the protein activity of Zymoseptoria tritici, two protein kinase activity assays were performed. The wild-type strain was first preloaded with 10 mM MgCl_2 and fed for 1 h in YPD medium. The Zymoseptoria tritici culture was then collected and analyzed by SDS-PAGE using mass spectrometry.


## Discussion
In addition, the enzymatic activity of CR (C9) and FA (C10) (Fig 3) was increased compared to the enzyme activity of Zymoseptoria tritici (Fig 2. The same enzymatic activity was obtained for C10 (Fig 3).

Effect of on-dry conditions on lipids synthesis
The enzymatic activities of the three tested lipids were assayed in different conditions (0, 2, 4, 6, 8, and 12 h) by taking from the literature a total of 24 compounds (Table 2). The results showed that the lipid composition of each compound varied greatly depending on the on-dry condition (Fig 4). The amount of lipids produced in the presence of the tested lipids ranged from 23.7% in the presence of glucose (2.5 g/L) to 45.8% (3.4 g/L) in the presence of xylose (2.5 g/L) (Table 2). The maximum amount of lipids was obtained in the presence of glucose (0.8 g/L) and fructose (4.4 g/L) (Table 2). The maximum lipid content was obtained in the presence of glucose (6.0 g/L) and fructose (2.2 g/L) (Table 2). The maximum amount of lipid was obtained in the presence of fructose (0.2 g/L) (Table 2). The average maximum amount of lipid was obtained in the presence of xylose (4.3 g/L) (Table 2). The maximum lipid content was obtained in the presence of fructose (4.4 g/L) (Table 2). The average amount of lipid was also higher than the total lipid content in the presence of glucose (0.9 g/L). The maximum lipid content was also recorded in the presence of fructose (0.6 g/L). The maximum amount of lipid was obtained in the presence of fructose (0.8 g/L). The maximum amount of lipids was obtained in the presence of glucose (1.3 g/L). The maximum lipid content was also recorded in the presence of xylose (1.3 g/L). The maximum amount of lipids was recorded in the presence of fructose (1.6 g/L).
