# Ephrin Receptor Age Is a Master Selection Effect Independent for C. italicum Exosome Gene/Genome Sequencing in Response to Toxoplasma gondii Infection
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Cryptococcus gattii is the causative agent of the fungal infection known as meningoencephalitis. Although this species has a multidrug resistant (MDR) phenotype, it is not monogenic. The aim of this study was to evaluate the ability of C. gattii to survive the immune system of C. neoformans and to escape the immune response of C. gattii in a murine model. C. gattii obtained from healthy human donors (NHNHNH) was studied in immunocompromised mice. A subcutaneous injection of 300 µg/mouse for 10 days was followed by a 10 day feeding of 500 µg/mouse for 10 days. Exhaled lungs were visualized and read through microscopically. The viability of C. gattii was evaluated by viability of macrophages was monitored. Cytotoxicity assays were performed to confirm this effect. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report of a cAMP-activated protein kinase (Cao1)-mediated escape of immune response in C. neoformans from the lungs of mice by C. gattii C. neoformans. Our findings reveal a novel antifungal activity of C. gattii Cao1 against C. neoformans and C. gattii MDR. This mechanism could be of great use for the treatment of cryptococcosis.


## Introduction

The focus of this study was to examine the effect of genotype on .


## Methods
gondii were amplified with the primer set: 5'-CTCGATGAACGAGTCTC-3' and 5'-GCATAGCATCATCTCTCCACACG-3' (Table 1. For PCR, 10 µL reaction volume consisted of 1x Complete Mini DNA Isolation Kit (NEB) and 1x Pure SYBR Green I Master Mix (NEB) and 20 ng/µL of each dNTPs. The PCR cycling conditions were: 5 min at 94°C, followed by 30 cycles of 10 s at 94°C, 20 s at 60°C, and 1 min at 72°C, with a final extension at 72°C for 10 min. The amplification products were separated by electrophoresis on 1% agarose gel and visualized under UV light.

For genomic DNA extraction, 1 µL of PCR product was mixed with 2 µL of sterile H_2O and boiled for 30 seconds. Then, the sample was extracted by using the QIAxcel DNA purification kit (Qiagen) according to the manufacturer's instructions. The purified PCR product was treated with the Purity and Stability of DNA (Qiagen) protocol. The quality of the PCR products was checked by electrophoresis on 1% agarose gel and stained with GelRed (Bio-Rad) and visualized under UV light.

Total RNA was isolated using the RNeasy Plant Mini Kit (Qiagen) according to the manufacturer's instructions. The sample was used for cDNA synthesis using the SuperScript III cDNA synthesis kit (Life Technologies). The cDNA was purified using the SuperScript III SuperScript III Reverse Transcriptase (Life Technologies) and subjected to reverse transcription with Turbo DNA Polymerase (Life Technologies) using the oligo (dT) primers. The cDNA product was treated with DNase I (Qiagen) to remove traces of PCR product. The cDNA was subjected to DNA-seq with the Quant-iT Reverse Transcription Kit (Qiagen) and the Quant-iT RNA Sample Preparation Kit (Qiagen) according to the manufacturer's instructions.

Plasmid pGBKT was constructed with the pGEX-T vector (Promega).


## Results
italicum exosome gene deletion on the expression of genes involved in virulence, we generated a . italicum exosome gene deletion collection (http://genome.jgi-psf.org/CIGo/) (GenBank accession numbers of the exosome gene deletion sequences are EAB94613.1, EAB94614.1, EAB94615.1, EAB94618.1, EAB94619.1, and EAB94620.1) and examined the impact of the deletion of the exosome gene on the expression of genes involved in the response to stress. After the selection of C. italicum exosome gene deletion mutants, we monitored their morphological characteristics and survival under a variety of stress conditions. We observed that the growth of exosomes was more restricted in the exosome deletion strains than in the control strains, and we observed a higher number of pseudohyphae and a lower number of hyphae at the hyphal tips (Fig 4A). The deletion of the exosome gene disrupted the pathogenicity of the control strains, but the control strains produced significantly less fungal biomass in the medium than the exosome gene deletion strains (Fig 4B). In contrast, the exosome gene deletion strains produced significantly more hyphal growth than the control strains (Fig 4C). The deletion of the exosome gene resulted in a more severe growth defect than the control strains (Fig 4D). The results showed that the exosome gene deletion strains are more sensitive to Toxoplasma infection and more tolerant to NTM and GMV.

The Effect of the Exosome Gene on the Expression of the Pathogenicity Genes of C. italicum Exosome Gene Deletion Strains
In order to investigate the effect of the exosome gene deletion strains on the pathogenicity of C. italicum exosome gene deletion strains, we first investigated the effect of exosome gene deletion strains on the expression of the pathogenicity genes of C. italicum exosome gene deletion strains (Table 3). For this purpose, we created a C. italicum exosome gene deletion collection (http://genome.jgi-psf.


## Discussion
gondii to killing by neutrophils and the rapid resolution of infection by phagocytic cells [15], [32], [33. A similar result was found in Cryptococcus neoformans infection [13], where the cphr1<U+0394> mutant is significantly more resistant to phagocytic killing by phagocytic cells than the wild-type strain [31]. However, this mutant has the same virulence and resistance to Toxoplasma infection that the cphr1<U+0394> mutant has. This finding suggests that C. gondii infection is not likely to be a primary mechanism of survival in the host, but rather an adaptive response of C. gondii to the host immune response, and that C. gondii infection is not due to an adaptive mechanism for survival.

The ability of C. gondii to cause disease in human patients is expected to be similar to other species, including C. neoformans and C. gattii, and to be limited to an isolate of C. gattii. The sensitivity of C. gattii to Toxoplasma infection was similar to that of C. neoformans, with a 95% sensitivity and a 90% specificity, respectively, and to the isolation of C. gattii from patients infected with C. gattii. The C. gattii isolates from patients infected with C. neoformans showed similar sensitivity to Toxoplasma infection, but the sensitivity of C. gattii to Cryptococcus neoformans infection was higher than that of C. gattii. This finding suggests that C. gattii infection is not a primary virulence factor of C. gattii. However, C. gattii infection can be secondary to the stress of being a natural immunosuppressive agent for patients, and that it can affect the ability of C. gattii to cause disease in humans. We cannot exclude the possibility that this host response to C. gattii infection in humans has been lost, but that there are other pathogens that are less able to evade the immune system.
