# Estimation of Nutrients and Bacteriocins from Microorganisms Specimens by QM Inc.: A Critical Design Study
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Fungi in the Dictyostelium discoideum are the least studied member of the order in the Ascomycota. They have, to a lesser or greater extent, become part of our understanding of life, as we have for the last 50 years or so. Recent collections and databases that deal with fungal diversity in Dictyostelium have provided a rich resource for studies of diversity and order, as well as genes, gene families, genomes, cultures, host-geneomes, drug resistance, and developmental processes. In this paper, we first summarize the state of the art in Dictyostelium research in the last decade. Next, we consider recent advances in sequencing and characterization of the Dictyostelium genomes and discuss future directions for research in the Dictyostelium research community. Finally, we describe the diversity of Dictyostelium and discuss future directions for research in the Dictyostelium research community.


## Introduction
Wound healing is a complex process that involves a complex interplay of immune, immune, and parasite cells. The first line of joint healing involves the recruitment of lymphocytes from the injured joint surface, and is followed by promotion of disease progression by the recruitment of B lymphocytes, which contribute to joint regeneration. The second line of joint healing involves the recruitment of B lymphocytes from the injured joint surface, and the recruitment of B lymphocytes, which contribute to joint disease progression. The presence of B cells in joint tissues results in the recruitment of B cells from the injured joint surface, and B cells contribute to disease progression [1]-[4].

The primary role of B lymphocytes in joint healing is to provide a protective barrier against local rejection and inflammation, to maintain joint function, and to promote joint extension [5]. B cells are also involved in healing by secreting antimicrobial peptides that induce blood flow and tissue regeneration [6]-[8].

Over the past decade, there has been a shift in the landscape of the B cell response toward the view that B cells may be beneficial to the host. This shift has been accompanied by a shift toward a view that B cells can help heal wounds by activating B cell death pathways [9]. This concept may be reflected in studies in which B cells appear as death ligaments in infected tissues [10], [11]. B cells are also involved in the pathogenesis of other diseases, including atherosclerosis, osteoporosis, chronic kidney disease, and asthma [12]-[16].


## Methods
The best scoring combination of nutrient content and Bacteriocin composition was selected using the hypothesis that the most abundant bioactive microorganisms would be the most abundan. The results were analysed with Excel 2010 (Microsoft Corp., Redmond, WA). The number of organisms counted in each well was counted as number of microorganisms per microorganism (microorganism counts were based on the number of fungal and bacterial colonies on each plate). The results were summarised by percentage and significance was assessed by an asterisk (P < 0.05) to compare the percentage of fungi and bacteria counted in each well with the percentage of fungi/bacteria counts in the same plate.

2.7. In vitro Activity of Isopropyl ß-D-Glucosaminide (IPTG)

The effect of different levels of IPTG on the bacterial growth and metabolic activity of the microorganism was investigated by the inhibition of growth of bacteria and the reduction of the bacteria by the IPTG. To examine the effect of different IPTG levels on the fungal growth and metabolic activity of the microorganism, 10 µL of 5× KI solution was added to each well of 96-well microplates. The bacteria were used as a control. The amount of bacteria in each well was adjusted to 0.5 McFarland standard. The IC_50 value was defined as the concentration of the inhibitor that inhibits the growth of the microorganism. To assess the effect of different IPTG levels on the fungal metabolic activity of the microorganism, 10 µL of 5× KI solution was added to each well of 96-well microplates. The bacteria were used as a control. The IC_50 value was defined as the concentration of the inhibitor that inhibits the growth of the microorganism.

2.8. In Vitro and In Vitro Susceptibility Assays
In vitro susceptibility of the microorganism was determined by the determination of the Minimum Inhibitory Concentration (MIC) in broth. The broth was prepared with distilled water and sterilized at 121°C. The MIC was determined by visual absorption of the highest concentration of the drug (5 × 10^4 to 10^8 CFU/mL) in a series of 96-well microplates. The MIC was defined as the lowest concentration of the drug that completely inhibited growth of the microorganism.


## Results
 2018) and were previously identified in our previous analyses of fungal community structure in a peroxisomal microenvironment (Vulchenberg et a., 2018). The RNA-Seq data were generated from paired-end reads obtained from the Illumina HiSeq platform and generated the corresponding qPCR results from the transcriptome sequencing (Table S6).

In order to validate our RNA-Seq data, we performed qPCR using the Illumina HiSeq platform. qPCR results from paired-end reads obtained from the Illumina HiSeq platform were used for the RNA-Seq analyses. We generated 12 paired-end reads (Additional file 1: Table S6) and analyzed the qPCR results using an RNA-Seq microarray data set. The results of the RNA-Seq analysis are summarized in Table S7. We found that we could identify the RNA-Seq data set to be similar to the RNA-Seq microarray data set.

The RNA-Seq results were validated using the qPCR results from the RNA-Seq microarray data set, which were then queried against the RT-qPCR results using the real-time metagenomic metagenomic protocol (Figure 1). We found that we could detect up to 6 upregulated and 3 downregulated transcripts in the RNA-Seq analysis (Figure 1). The RT-qPCR results from the RNA-Seq data set were then queried against the real-time metagenomic metagenomic protocol using the metagenomic metagenomic protocol to validate our RNA-Seq data.

Identification and Functional Annotation of the RNA-Seq Data Set
The RNA-Seq data set was used to identify genes in the microenvironment and to obtain functional annotations for the RNA-Seq data. The RNA-Seq data set was then used to annotate and express the RNA-Seq data using the putative full-length genes of the microenvironment (Figure 2). The annotation results are presented in Figure 2.


## Discussion
All the cultivated food commodities were subjected to nutrient monitoring in a pilot experimen. Under these conditions, the bacterial population was analyzed by the negative binomial test. The results showed that the bacterial population differed between the cultivated food commodities and non- cultivated food commodities. Among the 16 food commodities, the total nitrogen (the main nutrient for most of the food commodities) was higher in the cultivated food commodities than in the non- cultivated food commodities. This result was in agreement with the study by Yang et al. [28], who reported that the main nitrogen was taken up by the bacteria by the form of nitrate, nitrite, ammonia, nitrite and phosphorous and then the other nutrients were converted into nitric oxide (N_2O) and acetone. The carbon, nitrogen and carbon dioxide (CO_2) are the main carbon sources for microbial growth, and the effect of the nutrient concentration on bacterial growth was evaluated by means of a biophysical model. The results showed that the bacterial population was not influenced by the carbon source and carbon dioxide. This result is in agreement with the study by Abadietta et al. [29] who reported that the main carbon source for the majority of the microbial community in the food commodity of the cultivator was ammonium. The carbon source used in the cultivation process was not significantly influenced by the carbon source. In the cultivation process, the carbon source had an impact on the bacterial population in the food commodity. The influence of the carbon source was greater than that in the cultivation process. The most abundant carbon source used was glucose. The fermentation process, the fermentation process and the bioreactor were the most intensive processes. The carbon source was significantly influenced by the carbon source. In the cultivation process, the carbon source was significantly influenced by the fermentation process. The nitrogen source, the main nitrogen for most of the food commodities, was lower in the cultivated food commodity than in the non- cultivated food commodity. The nitrogen source was significantly influenced by the fermentation process. The effect of the nitrogen source was greater than that in the cultivation process. The increase in the nitrogen source increased the bacterial population in the food commodity. The nitrogen source was significantly influenced by the fermentation process. The effect of the carbon source was significantly influenced by the fermentation process. The effect of the carbon source was significantly influenced by the bioreactor.
