# Evaluation of a newly developed CRISPR tool for comprehensive estimates of the ecological impact of targeted gene pruning
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Fluorescent proteins are fundamental biological processes that are produced by living organisms, including fungi. Fluorescence microscopy allows an accurate identification of fluorescent proteins and, when appropriate, detection of a variety of other proteins, allowing the early diagnosis of fungal infections and early treatment of disease.

Here, we report the draft genome sequences of three strains of the fungal pathogen Cryptococcus gattii that are members of the dominant clade of ascomycete fungi, and we used comparative genomics to identify related and unique functions of these proteins. Using a subset of 14 representative genes, we identified numerous proteins potentially involved in the generation of fluorescence, including fungal coporter specificases, a putative cytochrome P450 enzyme, a surface glycoprotein, a surface protein with unique biological functions, and a large number of putative proteins.

These results also provide an additional set of important structural and functional features for further understanding the roles of these proteins in fungal biology and fungal virulence.

The online version of this article (doi:10.


## Introduction
Infection is a serious risk factor for morbidity and mortality of invasive fungal infections, and research into antifungal therapy has increased dramatically in the past decades [1]. In this regard, the “gold standard” of therapeutic antifungal therapy is fluconazole (FLC), the drug of choice for invasive fungal infections, but resistance to this compound has been observed [2]. The limited and relatively insensitive clinical use of this drug is associated with the high levels of resistance to this drug [3,4]. The use of a tablet of the drug is recommended to treat the entire fungal infection, but the dose of the drug needs to be adjusted for each fungal strain.


## Methods
The “stranded” sequence is a mutant of the “fungal” CRISPR/Cas9 system (see Supplementary File S1. The “fungal” CRISPR/Cas9 system is designed to be an “hierarchical” sequence of the “stranded” sequence, in order to obtain a homozygous mutation of the “fungal” sequence, which can be used to design a “stranded” site-directed mutagenic system (Figure 1).

The “stranded” site-directed mutagenic CRISPR/Cas9 system was designed to be “Cas9”, which is a modification of the “stranded” site-directed mutagenic CRISPR/Cas9 system. The “stranded” site-directed mutation is composed of two segments, each one of “10×10×10×10” (forward) and “10×10×10×10×10” (reverse). This “10×10×10×10” mutagenic sequence was generated by insertion of a PCR fragment of “10×10×10×10” into “10×10×10×10” (forward) and “10×10×10×10” into “10×10×10×10” (reverse) and PCR products were inserted at the “10×10×10×10” site. The “stranded” site-directed mutation in “10×10×10×10” was used as a template for PCR amplification to generate a “10×10×10×10” CRISPR/Cas9 system. The “stranded” site-directed mutation in “10×10×10×10” was used as a template for PCR amplification to generate a “10×10×10×10” CRISPR/Cas9 system.

The “stranded” site-directed mutagenic CRISPR/Cas9 system is not designed to be “Cas9”.


## Results
albicans and . neoformans and their interaction with the host are often complicated. Our data indicate that the extent of tree pruning is highly variable, with much less variation in the mean values of the root-level data, while the root-level data for the host is consistently variable. We therefore set out to systematically assess the extent to which root-level parameters are affected by tree pruning using the R statistics of the Dollo Index (C.M.D. P. Karst.) (11).

We first established that a pair of root-level parameters is affected by tree pruning using a root-level-based model of genetic exchange. We used a two-ratio, one-way ANOVA test to assess whether the relative importance of the root-level parameters were affected by tree pruning. We found that, in the case of root-level parameter P, the root-level parameters P_x > P_x > P_x were independently associated with a higher degree of tree pruning. This was in stark contrast to the relationship between P_x and P_x values from the Dollo index (C.M.D. P. Karst.) (11), which indicated that the root-level parameters were positively associated with a higher degree of tree pruning. The Dollo index values of P_x and P_x are highly variable and can vary depending on the model used (12). However, we found that the values for the values of P_x and P_x are highly similar for the Dollo index (C.M.D. P. Karst.) (12).

To test whether the Dollo index was predictive of the relationships between the root-level parameters and the root-level parameters, we tested the R-square test of the goodness-of-fit between the two-ratio models of gene pruning. We found that the R-square test of the goodness-of-fit between the two-ratio models for the Dollo index of P_x and P_x values for the Dollo index of P_x are robust (Table 1). The R-square test of the goodness-of-fit between the two-ratio models of gene pruning is highly robust (Table 1).


## Discussion
The CRISPR-Cas9 system was designed to replace the CRISPR-Cas9 gene in cDNA libraries that contained a CRISPR-Cas9-associated gen. We also chose to use the CRISPR-Cas9 system for complementation of a previously reported CRISPR-Cas9-mediated lethal gene deletion mutant in Fusarium graminearum (Barrow et al., 2013) in order to avoid the CRISPR-Cas9-mediated lethal gene pruning. As a first step, we designed a CRISPR-Cas9-based pruning system in which the CRISPR-Cas9 locus was replaced by a single CRISPR-Cas9 locus, as demonstrated in Figure 5A. We then inserted the CRISPR-Cas9 locus into the genome of the mutant and used this CRISPR-Cas9 system to completest the CRISPR-Cas9-mediated lethal gene pruning in Fusarium graminearum. Although CRISPR-Cas9 has been demonstrated to be useful for several purposes, including gene deletion (Gilbertson et al., 2005; Cohen et al., 2007; Bonvissen et al., 2007; Lienhard et al., 2008), CRISPR-Cas9-mediated lethal gene pruning is currently limited to the CRISPR-Cas9 locus in strains lacking the CRISPR-Cas9-associated gene (Grimaldi et al., 2005). The CRISPR-Cas9-mediated lethal gene pruning of the CRISPR-Cas9 locus in Fusarium graminearum, however, requires that the CRISPR-Cas9 locus be replaced by a CRISPR-Cas9 locus. CRISPR-Cas9-mediated lethal gene pruning was also reported in Fusarium graminearum (Liu et al., 2005), but we found that complementation of a previous CRISPR-Cas9-mediated lethal gene pruning mutant with the CRISPR-Cas9 locus prevented complementation of the CRISPR-Cas9-mediated lethal gene pruning.
