# Evidence for Inbreeding and Other Multiple Genetic Resources in the Feed Fungal Pathogen Fusarium graminearum
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Cryptococcus gattii is an emerging cause of fungal meningitis in immunocompromised individuals. Treatment options for cryptococcosis have not been well established in Brazil so far. The present study aimed to evaluate the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) of a fluconazole derivative in vitro against clinical isolates of C. gattii. MICs were determined using two different flow cytometry (CL) and one with three different fluorimetric amplicon-based photodiode arrays, both detecting 0.1 mg/mL. Screening electron microscopy (EEEM) was performed to evaluate the presence of fluconazole. Furthermore, MTT assay was used to evaluate the cytotoxicity. The results showed that this fluconazole derivative inhibited C. gattii in vitro growth by inhibiting the cytoplasmic fenofin (Fins) and macrophages in the presence of Cryptococcus neoformans. These results demonstrate that fluconazole is a potential alternative treatment for cryptococcosis with minimal side effects. Furthermore, the present results demonstrate that this molecule is a potential alternative to conventional amphotericin B in treatment of C. gattii infection.


## Introduction
2010), . oxysporum (Fox), F. graminearum (Fgog), F. oxysporum (Foxogon) and F. oxysporum (Foxogon) (Ng et al. 2015). The recent research of Ingenious and Outgenious genealogical trees has led to the discovery of several new genes that are differentially expressed in different host organs (de Boer et al. 2015; Wang et al. 2015). These genes are commonly expressed in different organs and may be related to the ability of F. oxysporum to survive in different host organs (de Boer et al. 2015).

The identification of genetic loci is important because fungal pathogenicity is influenced by multiple factors such as environmental conditions, host-parasite interactions and virulence (Goyette et al. 2012). In F. oxysporum, a host-specific epigenetic mechanism is involved in the expression of genes involved in DNA replication, gene expression regulation, and histone modification (De Boer et al. 2015). The epigenetic regulation of gene expression is controlled by the Hxg1-Cys-Hxg2-Cys2-Hxg3-Hxg6 heterochromatin (Hxg1-Cys-Hxg3-Hxg6) complex (Higgins and Huber 2001). The Hxg1-Cys-Hxg2-Hxg3-Hxg6 complex is a canonical epigenetic structure consisting of six subunits (Hxg1, Hxg2, Hxg3, Hxg4, Hxg5 and Hxg6). The Hxg1-Cys-Hxg2-Hxg3-Hxg6 complex is responsible for transcriptional regulation of a wide range of genes related to cell proliferation, stress response, morphogenesis, stress responses, and pathogenicity (Higgins and Huber 2001). The Hxg1-Cys-Hxg2-Hxg3-Hxg6 complex is involved in the transcriptional regulation of diverse genes involved in the response to environmental stress (Higgins and Huber 2001).


## Methods
The field studies were conducted in accordance with the guidelines of the relevant committe.

To confirm the study results, the soil sample was sampled from the site of the Fusarium fungal pathogen F. velutipes from a fungal pathogen that is native to the Fusarium spp. in India [17] and the sample was also sub-cultured for three days on the same soil. The soil sample was also sub-cultured for three days on the same soil. The soil sample was then sub-cultured for three days on the same soil. The sub-cultured fungal pathogen F. velutipes was cultivated in the Fusarium spp. at 37 °C for two weeks. The soil sample was collected and sub-cultured on the same soil for three days on the same soil. The sub-cultured fungal pathogen F. velutipes was cultivated in the Fusarium spp. at 37 °C for two weeks. The soil sample was collected and sub-cultured on the same soil for three days on the same soil. The soil sub-cultured fungal pathogen F. velutipes was cultivated in the Fusarium spp. at 37 °C for two weeks.

Isolation of conidia and conidial suspension
The isolated conidia and conidial suspensions were prepared by treating the soil with 3% w/v of KOH, followed by filtration and centrifugation and then the supernatant was removed. The conidia and conidial suspensions were then subjected to cell-cell separation using a syringe needle (Silentecution, India) and plated on potato dextrose agar (PDA) plates.

Isolation of conidia and conidial suspension
The suspension of conidia and conidial were prepared by the addition of 2% agar, followed by centrifugation and then the supernatant was removed. The conidia and conidial suspensions were subjected to cell-cell separation using a syringe needle (Silentecution, India) and filtration and finally the supernatant was removed.


## Results
graminearum and . verticillioides. In all cases, the gene order was conserved, except for the gene order in the F. verticillioides gene (Supplementary Figure S1). The results of this search indicated that the gene order in F. graminearum was conserved, but that it was not in F. verticillioides. The gene order in F. verticillioides was similar to the gene order in F. graminearum. The results of the gene order in F. graminearum are consistent with the gene order in F. verticillioides. This finding indicates that F. graminearum may be adapted to the feeding and the propagation of Fusarium spp.

Comparative phylogenetic analysis of F. verticillioides and F. verticillioides gene sets
The F. verticillioides and F. verticillioides gene set was divided into three clades. The first clade contained the gene order in F. verticillioides, F. verticillioides and F. verticillioides, but the second clade contained the gene order in F. verticillioides, F. verticillioides and F. verticillioides, but the third clade contained the gene order in F. verticillioides, F. verticillioides and F. verticillioides. The topology of the tree topologies in the F. verticillioides and F. verticillioides gene sets was similar to that in the F. verticillioides and F. verticillioides clades (Figure 3). The topology of the F. verticillioides gene set in F. verticillioides was similar to that in the F. verticillioides and F. verticillioides clades (Figure 3). The topology of the F. verticillioides gene set in F. verticillioides was similar to that in the F. verticillioides and F. verticillioides clades (Figure 3). The topology of the F.


## Discussion
The results provide the first evidence of Inbreeding and Multiple Genetic Resources in the Fusarium species comple. We also showed that the top predators of Fusarium oxysporum and Fusarium graminearum in the same feeding season also exhibited an Inbreeding rate of around 0.5% and a Fusarium index of around 0.50, respectively. The Fusarium species complex is well-known for its efficient Inbreeding and Multiple Genetic Resources and was able to exploit the advantage of Inbreeding by the top predators of Fusarium. For example, the successful exploit of the predator Fusarium phialides by the first predator, Fusarium oxysporum, was achieved by the combination of inbreeding with Fusarium oxysporum and Fusarium graminearum in the same feeding season, which was followed by the use of a second predator, Fusarium graminearum, which was able to exploit the advantage of Inbreeding by Fusarium phialides [14]. The combination of Fusarium oxysporum and Fusarium graminearum in the same feeding season in this study might have also led to the successful exploit of the Fusarium species complex by the first predator of Fusarium oxysporum and Fusarium graminearum. The results indicated that the interactions between the top predators of Fusarium and other species of the Fusarium complex might have been influenced by the Inbreeding rate of the top predators in the Fusarium species complex.

In the previous study, the top predators of Fusarium species in the Fusarium species complex, Fusarium oxysporum, Fusarium graminearum, were able to exploit the Inbreeding rate of the Fusarium species complex. In our study, the top predators of Fusarium oxysporum and Fusarium graminearum were able to exploit the Inbreeding rate of Fusarium species complex, which was predicted by the Fusarium Index.
