# Extensive studies of bacterial and fungal communities associated with the Permauba spp. in Kuwait
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Polyhydroxyalkanoates (PHAs) are potent biocides that can be produced by a wide range of microbial species to assist in fermentation and biodegradation of important industrial products such as wine and beer. While large scale production of PHAs is desirable, microbial biocides are difficult to isolate and can have large yields and be costly to cultivate. An approach is presented which is simple and less time-consuming than using traditional cultivation methods, such as cultivation on various cultivation mediums, and then cultivation using bacteria, fungi, or yeasts. This approach is expected to lower the production costs, enhance the biotechnological efficiency, and alleviate the environmental impact. This work presents a method approach which is simple, inexpensive, and fast, and has the potential to lower the production costs and energy consumption associated with the production of PHAs by the microbial consortium. Production of PHAs is dependent on the presence of bacterial and fungal growth factors, medium requirements and metabolism, and the utilization of PHAs for phytoremediation. Production of PHAs is recommended for microorganisms which are known to prefer a slow metabolism to slow growing substrates, such as yeast. Production of phytoremediation chemicals is a well-established process in the fermentation industry, and is usually performed using a wide variety of carbon and nitrogen sources, which may improve the environmental quality. However, it is also true that phytoremediation is not always available from microbes.


## Introduction
The main findings of the present study are as follows: (i) Several bacterial phyla are known to be associated with the Permauba sp., and most of them are present in clusters within the root system, (ii) In the permauba spp., the presence of a phyla named phyla of the bacterial phyla is correlated with the abundance of these phyla, (iii) The phyla of the bacterial phyla is associated with the root system, (iv) The presence of a phyla named phyla of the eukaryotic phyla is correlated with the abundance of eukaryotes in the root system, (v) The presence of a phyla named phyla of the eukaryotic phyla is correlated with the abundance of eukaryotes in the root system. The presence of several other bacterial phyla associated with the root system is correlated with the abundance of eukaryotic microorganisms in the root system, (vi) The presence of a phyla named phyla of the eukaryotic phyla is correlated with the abundance of eukaryotic microorganisms in the root system, (vii) The presence of several other bacterial phyla associated with the root system is correlated with the abundance of eukaryotic microorganisms in the root system, (viii) The presence of multiple bacterial phyla associated with the root system is correlated with the abundance of eukaryotic microorganisms in the root system. The presence of several other bacterial phyla associated with the root system is correlated with the abundance of eukaryotic microorganisms in the root system, (ix) The presence of a phyla named phyla of the eukaryotic phyla is correlated with the abundance of eukaryotic microorganisms in the root system. The presence of several other bacterial phyla associated with the root system is correlated with the abundance of eukaryotic microorganisms in the root system, (x) The presence of a phyla named phyla of the eukaryotic phyla is correlated with the abundance of eukaryotes in the root system. The presence of several other bacterial phyla associated with the root system is correlated with the abundance of eukaryotes in the root system. In sum, this study provides new information on the composition and functional characteristics of permauba spp. associated with Permauba spp. in Kuwait.


## Methods
There were 58 published reports of the identification of . brasiliensis as described by the authors. In addition, there were 1,390 reports of the identification of P. brasiliensis as reported by the authors. These studies were reviewed by the coauthors and the results were discussed and agreed upon. The number of papers in which P. brasiliensis was identified as the species of P. brasiliensis was cited in the overview. The following four genera (P. brasiliensis, P. canis, P. syriacus, P. pyrenophora, P. lusitaniae and P. pulmonica) were included in the study: Rhodotorula graminis, Rhodotorula canis, Rhodotorula donovani, Rhodotorula earwigii, Rhodotorula vinacea, Rhodotorula aureola, Rhodotorula nigra, Rhodotorula chrysogenum, Rhodotorula tetrasperma, Rhodotorula verrucosum, Rhodotorula vinacea, Rhodotorula zonaria and Rhodotorula mesenterica. The authors conclude that this study has found evidence of P. brasiliensis in P. canis, P. canis, P. syriacus, P. canis, P. canis, P. lusitaniae, P. lusitaniae, P. pyrenophora, P. lusitaniae and P. pyrenophora.

In this study, we found in P. canis, P. canis, P. canis, P. lusitaniae, P. lusitaniae, P. pyrenophora, P. canis, P. lusitaniae, P. lusitaniae and P. lusitaniae that there were also a few genera P. canis, P. canis, P. canis, P. lusitaniae, P. lusitaniae, P. lusitaniae, P. lusitaniae, P. lusitaniae and P. lusitaniae. Among the genera, we found in P. canis, P. canis, P. canis, P. canis, P. canis, P.


## Results
The most diverse bacteria and fungi were identified in the maize samples, which included all species of the Ascomycota, Basidiomycota, Glomeromycota, and Zygomycota phylum (Table 4. The most abundant genera were Penicillium, Penicillium, Penicillium, Rhizomucor, and Rhizopus, which were predominant in all maize samples. In the Ascomycota, Mortierella, and Penicillium genera were common in maize samples and were found in all maize samples.

The diversity in the wheat species richness (Table 5) was similar across all samples, except the Aspergillus spp., which was the most abundant in all samples. In the fungal communities, the Aspergillus spp. were mostly found in the maize samples and were generally found in maize samples. In the Basidiomycota, Aspergillus spp. were mostly found in the maize samples and were commonly found in maize samples. In the Glomeromycota, Mortierella spp., Rhizopus spp., Penicillium spp., and Penicillium spp., Penicillium spp. were mostly found in the maize samples. The diversity in the fungal communities was higher in the wheat samples than in the barley samples.

The diversity in the wheat species richness (Table 6) was similar across all samples except the Aspergillus spp., which was the most abundant in all samples. In the Basidiomycota, Mortierella spp., Rhizopus spp., Penicillium spp., and Penicillium spp., Penicillium spp. were mostly found in the barley samples. In the Glomeromycota, Mortierella spp., Rhizopus spp., Penicillium spp., and Penicillium spp., Penicillium spp. were mostly found in the maize samples. In the Zygomycota, Mortierella spp., Rhizopus spp., Penicillium spp., and Penicillium spp., Penicillium spp. were mostly found in the maize samples. In the Glomeromycota, Mortierella spp.


## Discussion
A study of . albicans, the most prevalent pathogen in wheat, showed that the prevalence of this species was higher in Permauba spp. than in other plant hosts (Choristi et al. 2012). This result suggests that the Permauba spp. are a significant source of secondary metabolites to a wide variety of plants. Furthermore, the high prevalence of Fusarium spp. in wheat plants has been reported (Varga et al. 2006; Urbina et al. 2009). Furthermore, the growth of the species could be induced by the presence of more plant metabolites, such as sorbic acid and xylanase, than that in the other plants (Holland et al. 2011). The high abundance of Fusarium spp. in Kuwait is consistent with the finding that the presence of Fusarium spp. in Kuwait is not correlated with the production of secondary metabolites (Husain et al. 2011).

The richness of fungal genera was low in Permauba spp. (Table 2). The richness of fungal genera associated with Permauba spp. in Kuwait was lowest in Kuwait (7.0%). However, the richness of fungal genera associated with Permauba spp. in Kuwait was significantly higher than that of other plants (Table 2). This result suggests that Permauba spp. are more active in the plant host than that of other plant hosts. In addition, the abundance of some fungal genera in the Permauba spp. was significantly higher than that of other plant hosts (Table 2). These genera may play a role in the plant growth and development of Permauba spp.

A study of A. gigas showed that the prevalence of this species in the plant host in Kuwait was significantly higher than that of other plant hosts (Kahana et al. 2009). The prevalence of A. gigas in Kuwait was high than that of other plants (Kahana et al. 2009). The lower abundance of this species in the plant host of Permauba spp. has been reported by other authors (Husain et al. 2011). This result suggests that the Permauba spp. may be more active in the plant host than that of other plant hosts.
