# Functional Roles of Cytoskeleton in Controlling Candida albicans Stress Response and Parasite Load in Ectopic Patients
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Oleaginous organisms are formidable obstacles to the development of bioprocessing biofuel cells for their respective lifestyles. For this purpose, the use of high-throughput, next-generation RNA-editing systems has emerged as a promising approach. Here, we provide an efficient and in-depth transcriptional profiling tool to our industry-standard Sanger RNAi-editing systems. We develop targeted single-step control over the expression of fungal oleaginous protein-encoding genes, define their sequence properties, and compare and contrast them with reference genes from other organisms. We exploit the OeGPCR annotation features of Sanger sequencing platforms to analyze the mRNA, protein, and DNA content of oleaginous organisms. We benchmark the annotation quality of annotated genes in a broader variety of oleaginous species and compare this to other sources. We find that OeGPCR technologies are highly effective for identifying high-level protein features and are more efficient than reference technologies. We find that our tool is particularly powerful in its ability to detect and distinguish mRNA-editing species. We further identify additional layers of annotation, such as gene families, transposons, and protein-encoding regions, that could contribute to the selection of the most informative experimental candidates for biological applications. We provide tools and user-friendly software available that facilitate future investigations in this area.


## Introduction
albicans are highly conserve.1 The Roles of Cytoskeleton are highly conserved from yeast to mammals, and can be subdivided into three main groups: Velocircles, Branched, and Glycosphingolipids.1-3 Cyclic and non-cyclic interactions in C. albicans are regulated by cyclic AMP (cAMP) signaling and CAMP-dependent protein kinase C (cPKA) activity. Cyclic cPKA phosphorylation is controlled by the cyclic adenosine deaminase (cAMP)-mediated phosphorelay and regulates the recruitment of cPKA to the membrane. This cAMP-dependent phosphorelay is important for phosphorylation of adenosine and protein-bound cPKA activity.2,4 The phosphorylation of adenosine and protein-bound adenosine is regulated by the cyclic AMP-responsive protein kinase (cAMP-PKA) and cPKA activity.5-7 Cyclic cPKA phosphorylation also activates cPKA and cPKA activity. However, the exact regulatory mechanism for cAMP-PKA signaling is not known. Cyclic cPKA phosphorylation stimulates cPKA activity by binding to cyclic nucleotide-binding oligomerization domain (COS) sites. The cPKA-dependent protein kinase (CPK)-mediated cAMP-PKA activity is a key control.8 In addition, cPKA phosphorylation is regulated by cPKA-regulated serine/threonine kinase (cSK) and protein kinase C (pKCK).9 The cPKA-regulated protein kinase (Cpka)-mediated cAMP-PKA activity is also responsible for the regulation of the cPKA-regulated phosphorelay.

In addition, the regulation of cAMP signaling has been well characterized in S. cerevisiae. The catalytic domains of the cAMP-PKA-regulated cAMP-signaling cascade comprise four active domains: a cAMP-binding protein (cMB) domain, an activatory domain (cAR) domain, and a phosphorelay domain.


## Methods
Sample collection
This study used a collection of 104 alpaca (5 males and 2 females) (Table 1). Each sample was collected from an area within the northern part of the island of Oromia, the largest island in the Atlantic Ocean. The specimens were collected during the first few months of the year from September to January 2016 and during the first three months of 2017 to 2018 from the collection of the Department of Botany and Biodiversity Research, University of Maringá, Maringá, Brazil.

The specimen collection consisted of 14 specimens (Table 1) and consisted of eight species, two of which were New Zealand and one of which was New Zealand: The first two specimens were New Zealand, the third two New Zealand species and the fourth New Zealand species, the fifth New Zealand species was New Zealand. The number of New Zealand and New Zealand were the same.


## Results
Thus, we hypothesized that cytoskeleton activity of . albicans may regulate host-pathogen interaction, as is evidenced by the establishment of the fungal infection of the retina and subsequent immune response to fungal infection [40, 41]. To investigate the involvement of cytoskeleton in controlling the pathogenicity of C. albicans, we performed fluorescence microscopy of retina sections of Candida albicans and C. glabrata infected with C. albicans and C. glabrata EMB-26. C. albicans was isolated from the control group and had a low CFU and a ~1×10^-6 CFU/ml viremia (Figure 2A). The Candida albicans cells were then stained with a dye that binds the cytoskeleton, which is a dynamic molecule of several pro- and anti-cytoskeleton proteins [41]. As the fungal cells were observed to be well-known in the eyes, we observed that the Candida albicans cells were clearly evident in the natural and diseased eye. The Candida albicans cells were clearly visible in the same cornea and surrounding tissues, as well as in the brain. However, C. glabrata cells were not observed in the natural and diseased eye, but were clearly visible in the brains of C. albicans infected mice (Figure 2B). Furthermore, the C. albicans cells were more clearly visible in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) of C. albicans infected mice than in those infected with C. glabrata (Figure 2C). These data suggest that the fungal cells were actively dividing in the eye and that the C. albicans cells were disseminated to the surrounding tissues. The neutrophil infiltration in the CSF of C. albicans infected mice was similar to that of C. glabrata infected mice (Figure 2D). This indicates that the fungal cells were actively dividing in the CSF of the diseased mice, as evidenced by the presence of C. albicans cells in the CSF.


## Discussion
albicans' host-pathogen interactions with host tissues, we performed genome-wide association analysis of . albicans genes with human pathogenicity factor 1 (Hep1) gene expression. We found that C. albicans Hep1 could be a key regulator of immune responses against C. albicans, which are thought to be mediated by the “epidemic” immune response against fungal infections. Hep1 is involved in the control of C. albicans infection and virulence in mice [47], [48], [49], [50]. Interestingly, C. albicans cells expressing Hep1 were hypersensitive to C. albicans spores [49], which is consistent with its role in control of fungal infections in humans. Moreover, we found that Hep1 plays a role in host defense against C. albicans-induced stress in vitro, which supports our findings that C. albicans Hep1 is a key regulator of immune responses against fungal infections.

In addition to Hep1, we also identified a large number of Hep1 orthologs in C. albicans, including HapE, which is known to mediate the host defense response to C. albicans infection [51]-[53], and HapA, which is a key regulator of innate immune cell response against C. albicans infection [54]. HapA is known to mediate the host defense response to Candida albicans infection [55]-[57]. The HapA ortholog, Cdc20, is known to mediate the host defense response to C. albicans infection [58]. Interestingly, we found that HapA and HapE are orthologs in C. albicans. In contrast, we found that HapE is orthologous to Cdc20, a previously uncharacterized C. albicans ortholog [59]. HapE is a transcriptional regulator of innate immune cell responses against fungal infections [61], [62], [63]. In addition, we found that Cdc20 is a potent inducer of C. albicans hyphal growth, which has been shown to be required for the increased fungal burden in human tissues [64].
