# Functional and phylogenetic evidence of historical and evolutionary lineages of nematode-trapping opportunistic fungi
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Anthropogenic fungi play crucial roles in the ecosystem’s defense against deleterious environments, as well as survival from host immune cells. The fungal cell wall is the main interface between fungi and the environment, and the formation of the cell wall is a critical step in both the cell growth and pathogenesis of fungal pathogens. A major fungal pathogen, Candida albicans, is found in the mammalian host, the choroid plexus (CP) is known to be the primary site of invasion. C. albicans is not only found in the mammalian lungs, but also the gastrointestinal tract as well. Studies have been made of the role played by two closely related major cellular components of the fungal cell wall (the outer and inner polysaccharide capsule) in host-pathogen interactions. While it is well established that the C. albicans outer polysaccharide capsule is indispensable for host immune responses, recent findings have opened up the possibility that this component could play a role in fungal pathogenesis. In this review, we summarize the latest discoveries and role played by the major components of the C. albicans cell wall (CP and pectin body) in immune homeostasis.


## Introduction
2011) and nematophagous fungi (Zhou et a. 2009), two groups that are common nematodes of plants and animals, respectively. The first group includes plant parasites that kill their host trees in soil. These animals have been described as members of the nematode-trapping fungi (NTC) group. The second group includes plant parasites that feed on nematodes and are important in the food web of plant communities. It is clear that the so-called “end game” (in which the nematodes must obtain nutrients from their hosts to establish a symbiotic relationship with their hosts) is an important strategy for the parasites to colonize their host trees (Huang et al. 2011). According to the current estimate, about 10 000 of the nematode-trapping fungi were implicated in forest-forest interactions in the past 10 000 years (Niethammer and Giovannoni 2011), and more than 30 000 species are currently known from both biomes and habitats (Giannini et al. 2010; Verhagen et al. 2010; Ruibal et al. 2010).

The traditional nematode-trapping fungi are of agricultural interest, mainly associated with ornamental and medicinal plants. In recent years, a new group of plant-parasitic pathogens, which have rarely been reported from natural environments, have been discovered and are now considered to be a novel group of fungi that can cause devastating diseases on the world’s most important plants (Kauseru et al. 2008; Verhagen et al. 2010). These fungi attack host plant tissues and organs and are believed to be responsible for devastating diseases on more than 70% of them (Kanafani and Van Straalen 2009). In fact, this new group of pathogens, which has been first described from plants and animals and now consists of at least 70 different species (Kauseru et al. 2008), can infect nearly every plant species and hosts in the world, including tropical and subtropical trees, insects, plants, and animals, depending on the climate and season (Kauseru et al. 2008). In the soil, the soil microorganisms that are able to colonize the soil are the main players involved in the decomposition of the organic matter, nutrient cycling, and nutrient cycling by the soil itself (Johnson et al. 2003).


## Methods
Collection of specimens
The collections of C. gattii and C. gattii specimens from the Institute of Geography, archaeology and landscape, were kept at the Department of Biology of the Institute of Geography, Archaeology and Conservation of China. They were deposited in the Herbarium of the Institute of Geography, Archaeology and Conservation of China. The specimens were identified according to their morphological characteristics and characteristics of the respective species.

The specimens were obtained by mating with C. gattii from the Cryptococcus neoformans var. neoformans strain H99 (American Type Culture Collection, ATCC® CRL-2484), Cryptococcus gattii from C. gattii strain H99 (American Type Culture Collection, ATCC® CRL-2484), C. gattii from C. neoformans var. grubii strain H99 (American Type Culture Collection, ATCC® CRL-2385), C. gattii from C. neoformans var. grubii strain H99 (American Type Culture Collection, ATCC® CRL-2385), Cryptococcus gattii from C. neoformans var. grubii strain H99 (American Type Culture Collection, ATCC® CRL-2385), Cryptococcus gattii from C. neoformans var. grubii strain H99 (American Type Culture Collection, ATCC® CRL-2385) and Cryptococcus gattii from C. neoformans var. neoformans strain H99 (American Type Culture Collection, ATCC® CRL-2385). All specimens were preserved in the Herbarium of the Institute of Geography, Archaeology and Conservation of China.

Fungal material
A set of 100 fungal specimens were selected from a collection of over 100 specimens of Cryptococcus gattii and C. gattii from a collection of a collection of C. gattii from C.


## Results

Taxonomic assignment of nematode-trapping pathogens
We identified taxonomic and phylogenetic relationships for nematode-trapping pathogens (Table 1. Each of the nematode-trapping pathogens was monophyletic (i.e., pathogen could be either a parasite or a protist) and included the following representatives: (1) A. thaliana (Poaceae), (2) M. circinelloides (Poaceae), (3) L. bicolor (Poaceae), (4) M. mollis (Poaceae), (5) R. macrocarpum (Poaceae), (6) L. corymbifera (Poaceae), (7) R. furfur (Poaceae), (8) C. albicans (Poaceae), (9) P. infestans (Poaceae), (10) R. macrocarpum (Poaceae), (11) M. mollis (Poaceae), (12) M. circinelloides (Poaceae), (13) R. mollis (Poaceae), (14) L. bicolor (Poaceae), (15) R. mollis (Poaceae), (16) R. furfur (Poaceae), (17) R. macrocarpum (Poaceae), (18) R. mollis (Poaceae), (19) P. infestans (Poaceae), (20) R. mollis (Poaceae), (21) R. furfur (Poaceae), (22) R. mollis (Poaceae), (23) P. infestans (Poaceae), (24) R. mollis (Poaceae), (25) R. mollis (Poaceae), (26) R. furfur (Poaceae), (27) R. mollis (Poaceae), (28) P. infestans (Poaceae), (29) R. mollis (Poaceae), (30) R. furfur (Poaceae), (31) P. infestans (Poaceae), (32) R. mollis (Poaceae), (33) R. furfur (Poaceae), (34) R. mollis (Poaceae), (35) R. furfur (Poaceae), (36) R.


## Discussion
As shown in Table 4, the lineage I lineages in Europe are the most well-studied of all, except for the ones with the highest number of fungal specie. In addition, we found a group of 12 fungi related to the current taxonomic position of the two species, namely C. cinnamomea, which was previously found to be a member of the group (Figs. 2 and 4) and P. cinnamomea, which is a new species belonging to a new group (Fig. 4). The position of the two new species, P. cinnamomea and P. cinnamomea, is currently uncertain. The former species was described by Fröhlich (1928) as well-known among Histoplasma species and the latter species was isolated from the gut of P. cinnamomea (Cullen and Coleman, 1993). The phylogenetic analyses revealed that these two species are closely related, and the two new species have been isolated from the gut of P. cinnamomea.

Two new species were described by N. Hartmann (1908) as P. cinnamomea from the fruit of a saprophytic orchard in Norway. The new species was originally isolated from the fruit of P. cinnamomea in Germany (Bauer et al., 1995). Later, it was also isolated from the gut of P. cinnamomea (Cullen and Coleman, 1993). Four other isolates from the same group have also been isolated from the gut of P. cinnamomea in Norway. Although the isolates from the two new species have been described only from the gut of P. cinnamomea, it is not possible to confirm whether these isolates were from the gut of the new species, or if they were derived from the gut of the existing species.

The new species in the group P. cinnamomea is less well-known and still needs to be confirmed for further investigations. This species is also found in the gut of the decaying wood of the decaying wood of the same tree and it is also known from the gut of the rotting wood of a decaying tree (Gadenhofer et al., 2003).

Numerous species of fungi have been isolated from the gut of P. cinnamomea, including representatives of Cryptococcus and Aureobasidium species.
