# Fungal Lactamases: Their Occurrence and Role in Its Transience
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Histoplasmosis is a common cause of opportunistic infection, especially in immunocompromised patients. This study aims to clarify the roles of two major histoplasmatic proteins - histone-specific and histone-specific - in the immune response to the common opportunistic fungal pathogen Cryptococcus gattii. Histone-specific interferon gamma (IFN-<U+03B3>) deficiency was observed in response to C. gattii infection. The high levels of IFN-<U+03B3> and high levels of IFN-<U+03B3>-a in the bone marrow-derived dendritic cells (DC) of mice infected with C. gattii indicate that IFN-<U+03B3> and IFN-<U+03B3> receptors exist as two different transcription factors. The immunological basis of this new IFN-<U+03B3> receptor in C. gattii immune response to C. gattii infection was examined. IFN-<U+03B3> deficiency restored the immune response to infection with C. gattii in mice deficient in IFN-<U+03B3> receptors. These results suggest that recognition of C. gattii by the host immune system results in a direct interaction between the opportunistic fungus and the host immune system. Moreover, these data establish a new role of IFN-<U+03B3> and its receptors in the immune response to Cryptococcus gattii infection.


## Introduction
Their occurrence is often associated with those that are susceptible to infections, such as experimental candidiasis, fungal infections, and fungal infections by non-albicans Candida species (. albicans and C. glabrata) (7-9). The most commonly isolated species of human-pathogenic fungi are C. glabrata, C. krusei, and C. parapsilosis. However, C. glabrata is also associated with other infections, including vulvovaginal candidiasis, and C. albicans is also associated with candidemia (7-9). The role of lactamases in yeast pathogenesis has been reported, but their role in pathogenesis and/or modulation of immune cell functions is still unclear.

Lactams are commonly used for the treatment of fungal infections in the clinic. In vitro studies of Lactams in the circulation have shown that the monomeric amino acid lactam isomers (lysine and tyrosine) are combined into a single molecule (10). The inhibition of tyrosine through Lactam proteases is often lethal, although this has not been demonstrated with other inhibitors (11). The presence of Lactam in human plasma has been described as a possible risk factor for cancer (12).

Most Lactams are found in tissues, such as blood, and are potentially useful as antifungal agents (13). However, recent studies have shown that some of these Lactamases are inhibited by the natural ligands known as immunomodulators (ICs) (14, 15). These ICs, which inhibit the enzyme activity, can be converted into peptidyl- or oligomeric forms that are toxic to mammalian cells. ICs have been reported to inhibit the activity of other leukotriene-binding proteins, such as the ATP-binding cassette (ABC) transporter and the C-terminal glycine-rich repeat (G-CSR) protein (16-18).

Many leukotriene ICs have been shown to inhibit G-CSR and G-CSR2, both G-CSRs, have been implicated in the inhibition of the G-CSR and G-CSR2 pathways (19).


## Methods
However, there were no studies comparing lactic acid with any of the above-mentioned compounds and so the results of these studies were not considered in the present revie. In addition, there were no studies evaluating their effect on yeast cell growth or lipid accumulation in C. neoformans, C. krusei, C. albicans, and C. glabrata. In addition, there were no studies using these yeasts in vitro. In addition, there were no studies comparing lactic acid and ammonium chloride in vitro for their effect on yeast growth or lipid accumulation. The following groups were included: (1) C. krusei (firstly, inhibition of growth of C. glabrata was not observed in the C. neoformans and C. albicans, C. glabrata was observed in both C. neoformans and C. krusei); (2) C. glabrata (firstly, inhibition of growth of C. glabrata was observed in C. albicans and C. glabrata was observed in C. krusei); (3) C. albicans (firstly, inhibition of growth of C. glabrata was observed in C. albicans and C. glabrata was observed in C. krusei); (4) C. glabrata (firstly, inhibition of growth of C. glabrata was not observed in the C. neoformans and C. albicans, C. glabrata was observed in both C. albicans and C. krusei); (5) C. glabrata (firstly, inhibition of growth of C. glabrata was observed in C. albicans and C. glabrata was observed in C. krusei); (6) C. albicans (firstly, inhibition of growth of C. albicans was observed in C. glabrata and C. glabrata was observed in C. krusei); (7) C. krusei (firstly, inhibition of growth of C. albicans was observed in C. krusei); (8) C. glabrata (firstly, inhibition of growth of C.


## Results
In the present study, we found that the Lactate dehydrogenase gene (LADH) and the lysine catabolic enzyme (LAC) were not present in the Lactate dehydrogenase gene in . eubayanus, but were present in the lysine catabolic enzyme (LAC).

In order to further elucidate the origins of lactate dehydrogenase and lysine catabolic enzymes in L. eubayanus, the expression of lysine catabolic enzyme (LAC) was examined in the Lactate dehydrogenase gene in L. eubayanus. The expression of the lysine catabolic enzyme was up-regulated in the L. eubayanus, whereas expression of the lysine catabolic enzyme was down-regulated in the L. eubayanus. In order to better understand the origin of lysine catabolic enzyme, the lysine catabolic enzyme was expressed in the lysine catabolic enzyme gene in L. eubayanus. The expression of lysine catabolic enzyme in the L. eubayanus was also down-regulated in the L. eubayanus, whereas expression of the lysine catabolic enzyme in the L. eubayanus was up-regulated in the L. eubayanus.

In order to further elucidate the origin of lysine catabolic enzyme, the expression of lysine catabolic enzyme (LAC) was examined in the lysine catabolic enzyme gene in L. eubayanus. The expression of lysine catabolic enzyme in L. eubayanus was also down-regulated in the L. eubayanus, whereas expression of the lysine catabolic enzyme in L. eubayanus was up-regulated in the L. eubayanus. In order to better understand the origin of lysine catabolic enzyme, the lysine catabolic enzyme was expressed in the lysine catabolic enzyme gene in L. eubayanus. The expression of the lysine catabolic enzyme in L. eubayanus was also down-regulated in the L.


## Discussion
The results presented in this study are consistent with those reported in previous studies of Lactobacillale.

The Lactobacillales are diverse in their chemical and physiological activities. They possess numerous antioxidant and antifungal activities [13]. The lactic acid-acetic acid (LAC) stress-induced cell death of Candida albicans (C. glabrata) and Lactobacillales spp. has been reported [14,15]. The growth of these fungi was inhibited by various lactic acid-acetic acid (LAC) stress, and the number of the genes involved in lactic acid-acetic acid production was reduced [16]. The expression levels of the genes involved in the biosynthesis of lactic acid were lower in these strains compared to those of the control strain [16].

The increased resistance of Lactobacillales spp. to the antimicrobial agents used in this study is in accordance with previous reports of the incidence of resistance in Lactobacillales spp. to antibiotics [17,18,19]. The fungus D. discoideum (D. den Ito) is a representative of Lactobacillales spp. and was identified as an agent of systemic mycoses in Tanzania [20]. However, the nature of the Lactobacillales spp. in Tanzania is unknown. Lactobacillales spp. are widespread in nature and can be found in soil, soil and fruits of the family Lactarius [21]. Lactobacillales spp. have been reported as fungicide-resistant species in the mycological fields of Sub-Saharan Africa [22,23].

The occurrence of H. capsulatum in the treated soil of this study was in accordance with the reports of other Lactobacillales spp. in this study. The fungal species were isolated from mulberry roots in the untreated soil of an apple tree in Tanzania, and the fungus was previously identified as H. capsulatum [24]. However, the presence of H. capsulatum was reported only from mulberry root samples in Tanzania [25]. This is not the case in this study. The absence of H.
