# GC-compositional strand bias in de novo assembly of super mutants of Aspergillus niger
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The a2 protein is an integral membrane protein with a terminal C-terminus that mediates the coordinated O-mannosylation of ergosterol in the osmotic space. It is also found in other forms of proteins, in eukaryotes, and is a very important component of eukaryotes, protecting the organism from microbial attack. However, the evolution of a2 alleles in fungi and other fungi with different life strategies has been poorly investigated. We have investigated the a2 protein in the oomycete Trichoderma reesei, which has two lobes, two conidia, and a single and complex cell wall. To understand the evolution of a2 alleles in Trichoderma reesei, we examined genomes of the two oomycete species together or alone. We identified the a2 protein Rbt065 in the genome of T. reesei, which was found to be inherited by approximately one-third of T. reesei and to have a conserved position in the genome of S. cerevisiae. The genome of T. reesei contained a total of 358 putative rrn1 and rrn2 genes, which were highly conserved in all organisms examined. The gene content of the rrn1 and rrn2 alleles of T. reesei, Rbt065 was similar to that of the other oomycete species examined. However, the rrn1 and rrn2 alleles were differentially expressed in all analyzed organisms, suggesting that these genes are not functionally annotated. Based on these results, we conclude that a2 protein is important for the pathogenicity of T. reesei.


## Introduction
This is due to the reduction of the conformation of the mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) in the presence of a more selective cysteine donor and a truncated mitochondrial cysteine donor [10. This reduction in conformation causes a reduction in the cytoskeleton and hence less of a DNA fragmentation effect on the generated mutant strains [11].

Mitochondria are small DNA molecules that are synthesized in mitochondria, usually as trans-acetylases [12, 13]. In response to oxidative stress, mitochondrial DNA polymerase (mtDNA) degrades the mitochondrial genome and the resulting mitochondria become uninucleate and thus less stable, leading to the formation of large long DNA fragments called mitochondria without replication [14]. The amount of mtDNA that can be converted to proteins by mtDNA turnover varies depending on various factors, including the site of replication, the concentration of DNA polymerases, the environmental temperature, and the presence of an active virus [15]. The mitochondrial DNA turnover in nature is thought to be important for the maintenance of mitochondria, as this turnover can enhance the longevity of mitochondria and promote viral survival and replication [16, 17].

Mitochondria play an important role in the cell maintenance of mitochondrial genome [18]. In this review, we will focus on mitochondria as a vehicle of DNA synthesis and replication.

Mitochondria are small, non-replicating, non-dividing, non-dividing DNA units that are difficult to replace. Mitochondria are synthesized and degraded by various processes, including mitosis, cell division, DNA repair, DNA damage, RNA interference, and DNA replication [19]. Mitochondria are commonly called retroviruses or retrovirgins. In fact, a very ancient form of mitochondrial DNA called retroengineered mitochondria has been described and is called retrocytoskeleton DNA (RTD). It is a DNA polymerase that was first isolated from the mitochondria of a Saccharomyces cerevisiae. The mitochondria of S. cerevisiae contain two types of introns: exosome and endosome. Exosomes are nucleotides containing only the cysteine and are termed cysteine-rich “exosomes”. Endosomes contain cytosolic cysteine residues and are responsible for mitochondrial genome decay and cell death. Both types of exosomes contain exon-proteins.


## Methods
The selection of the chimeric sequences was carried out as previously described [27. In brief, each of the primer pair to be used was PCR-amplified from A. niger genomic DNA using the primer combination provided in the A. niger nucleotide sequencing kit (ThermoFisher Scientific, Waltham, MA, USA). The PCR conditions were as follows: initial denaturation at 94°C for 3 min, 35 cycles of 94°C for 1 min, 55°C for 1 min, and 72°C for 1 min, with a final extension at 72°C for 10 min. Subsequent PCR reactions were carried out using a 2 × PCR Master Mix (Eppendorf, Hamburg, Germany), and 2 µl of each reaction volume was used for the final PCR reaction. The generated PCR products were visualized on 1% agarose gel and visualized under UV light. The chimeric sequences were manually inspected, and the sequences from the super mutants were amplified.

For the extraction of nucleic acids, the nucleic acids were extracted from the fungal strains of Aspergillus niger (Table 1) using the method described in Voglmayr et al. [35]. The DNA from the fungal strains was extracted from fungal cultures grown on PDA, and the DNA was extracted using the method described by Voglmayr et al. [36]. The DNA extractions were carried out with the high-pressure freezing method using a Thermo Scientific Gel Doc XR+ system (Bioline, Luckenwalde, Germany) and the ThermoFisher Scientific (Waltham, MA, USA) DNA extraction kit. The DNA quality and concentration of the extracted DNA were checked on 1% agarose gel, and the DNA concentration of the extract was adjusted to 0.5 ng/µl using distilled water. The DNA concentration of each extract was determined with the NanoDrop ND-1000 spectrophotometer (NanoDrop Technologies, Wilmington, DE, USA). The DNA concentration was determined with the Qubit 2.0 dsDNA HS Assay Kit (ThermoFisher Scientific, Waltham, MA, USA). The quality and concentration of the extracted DNA were determined with the Qubit 2.0 dsDNA HS Assay Kit (ThermoFisher Scientific, Waltham, MA, USA). The extracted DNA samples were stored at -20°C until use.


## Results
cerevisiae does not contain the original scaffold, allowing cross-reaction between the two scaffold types [4. In order to examine the genome assembly of a high-copy strain of S. cerevisiae, we made extensive use of the typical S. cerevisiae assembly (Fig 2A). We first generated a new assembly of the S. cerevisiae core genome using a 3.5-kb band of sequence similarity to the Aspergillus species coding sequences and refined the sequence by tiling to remove the short regions. The resulting assembly, termed “core”, showed similar levels of sequence conservation to the “single-gene” assembly (Fig 2B), suggesting that the new genome is not an artifact of the assembly. In addition, we annotated the S. cerevisiae genome using the BlastN database [19].

The S. cerevisiae genome assembly is much more complete than the assembly of the Aspergillus species. We assembled the S. cerevisiae genome using two approaches. First, we identified the genome’s best fit to the Aspergillus species’ genome assembly, by using the BlastN database [19]. Second, we designed a second assembly that included two of the three major regions of the S. cerevisiae genome. The assembly of the second assembly, called “non-out-group”, was performed using the same three criteria as described in the “single-gene” assembly (Fig 2C). The resulting “non-out-group” genome was assembled using the same three criteria as described in the “single-gene” assembly (Fig 2C). Both assemblies were also performed using the BlastN database, and the resulting “non-out-group” genome was assembled using the same three criteria as described in the “single-gene” assembly (Fig 2C).

The S. cerevisiae genome assembly was significantly more complete than the Aspergillus species’ genome assembly
We first tested the S. cerevisiae genome assembly by using the BlastN database. We found that the S. cerevisiae genome assembly is more complete than the Aspergillus species’ genome assembly, although the former has a much higher number of scaffolds (Fig 3). The S.


## Discussion
niger, further reducing the frequency of a conserved moti. Alternatively, a conserved sequence could have been missed by the purifying selection. However, in A. niger, the ORF is assembled in a number of different ways, with the most frequent assembly being in the PKA pathway (Table S1, Supplementary File S1.3). The ORF is also assembled in different ways, with the PKA pathway being the most common, followed by the CDC pathway, the FKS and the AFRP pathways, respectively. The AFRP pathway is associated with the TCA cycle, which has a higher rate of complementation in A. niger than in other Aspergillus species (Table 1). The CDC pathway is involved in the endocytic pathway, a process that is known to be favoured in A. niger, as well as the TCA cycle [15].

The PKA pathway is also associated with the AFRP cycle, which is favoured in A. niger, as well as the TCA cycle [15], [16]. The FKS pathway is associated with the TCA cycle, which is favoured in A. fumigatus [17]. The FKS-ORF pathway is associated with the TCA cycle, which is favoured in A. fumigatus, as well as the TCA cycle [16].

In addition to the PKA pathway, the CDC pathway is also associated with the TCA cycle, which is favoured in A. niger [17]. The CDC pathway is also associated with the TCA cycle, which is favoured in A. fumigatus [17]. The TCA cycle is associated with the AFRP cycle, which is favoured in A. fumigatus, and the TCA cycle is associated with the AFRP cycle, which is favoured in A. niger [17].

The MFS pathway is associated with the TCA cycle, which is favoured in A. niger, and the TCA cycle is associated with the AFRP cycle, which is favoured in A. fumigatus, and the TCA cycle is associated with the AFRP cycle, which is favoured in A. niger [17]. The PKA pathway is associated with the TCA cycle, which is favoured in A.
