# Genome Engineering as a New Machinery for Biofuels and Bio agroecology
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
To explore the roles of transcription factor genes in phenotypic plasticity and to identify genes whose expression is influenced by the transcription factor regulatory system, three distinct transcription factor core families of transcription factors (TFs) were analyzed. Three TFs were found to be regulated in different phenotypic plasticity forms. In the basal form, two of the Ga subunits of TF family (BGC0158 and BGC024) are induced during laccase induction and are responsible for laccase non-disruptive plasticity. The bcc0158 TF was induced in response to stress and to cell wall inhibitors, and it is likely that BGC0158 is responsible for this regulation. In the terminal form, BGC0158 is a negative regulator of the cell wall integrity and integrity of laccases and it is likely that BGC0158 is responsible for the laccase non-disruptive plasticity of the mycelium. Four TFs that are not regulated in the basal form (BGC024, BGC0161, BGC025, and BGC0365) are induced during hyphal and gloid cell growth and are responsible for the mycelial, cell wall, and endoplasmic reticulum phenotypes. In the terminal form, these three TFs are non-responsive and are likely to be responsible for the laccase and stress-tolerance phenotypes.


## Introduction
. Biochemical Basis for Biofuel Production
Biofuel production requires a solid-state process, where the raw material is re-used for fermentation and chemical modification. The system consists of two phases: the liquid phase (preferably using lignocellulosic feedstocks) and the solid-state phase (preferably using feedstocks derived from animal or plant biomass). The liquid phase is the primary process in which the biomass is re-used for fermentation. The liquid phase is the process in which the raw material is re-used for chemical modification and a subsequent solid-state fermentation. The solid-state phase involves a progressive increase in biomass concentration as the level of carbon and nitrogen availability increases, and the carbon and nitrogen content is increased again. As the concentration of carbon and nitrogen in the biomass increases, the concentration of carbon and nitrogen in the biomass is further modified, and the concentration of carbon and nitrogen in the solid state fermentation is completed. The solid-state phase is the process of transitioning the carbon and nitrogen sources from the liquid phase to the solid-state phase. The process of solid-state fermentation (SSF) is a primary, and probably primary, step in which microbes adapt to and grow in a solid-state fermentation and then utilize the biomass and carbon sources in order to produce biofuels and chemicals. The primary and primary components of SSF are carbon (mainly glucose), nitrogen (mainly nitrogen), and sulfur (hydrogen) (Figure 2). The SSF starts when the biomass is re-cycled to generate carbon and carbon monoxide (CO_2) molecules. In the solid-state fermentation, glucose and carbon are required as carbon and nitrogen sources, and sulfur and hydrogen are produced from sulfur compounds and carbon monoxide. The solid-state fermentation is the process in which the carbon and nitrogen sources are added into the liquid phase (Figure 2).

The SSF utilizes different processes to produce fuels and chemicals. The most common SSF processes involve the addition of carbon and nitrogen sources (hydrogen) and, most importantly, the addition of nitrogen and sulfur compounds to the biomass (Figure 2). The SSF is a basic process, which has a long history. It has been more than 8000 years since the first application of SSF. In the past 60 years, SSF has been widely applied in several fields: food, biotechnology, engineering, pharmaceuticals, and cosmetic industry.


## Methods
Ethics Statement
The studies were approved by the Human Research Ethics Committees of the University of Rochester, University of Rochester, Rochester, NY, and the National Institute of Health. The study was carried out in accordance with the recommendations in the Guide for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals of the National Institutes of Health.


## Results
neoformans and . albicans are easily biotechnologically used for the production of biofuels, ethanol, and biofuel feedstock, respectively [7, 14]. Furthermore, C. neoformans can take advantage of high biomass and high carbon dioxide concentrations [15, 16]. Our understanding of the C. neoformans genome and the activities of its genes in the biosynthesis of biofuel and ethanol are important for the development of alternative fuel sources for industrial applications. We therefore carried out genome sequencing of C. neoformans (CNAG_03645, CNAG_01840, CNAG_05290, CNAG_07935, CNAG_10796, CNAG_10676) using Illumina technology. As shown in Fig 1, C. neoformans genome was not mapped to the C. neoformans reference genome. However, C. neoformans has two candidate genes for transcriptional profiling [17].

According to the above findings, C. neoformans strains were able to grow on media containing glycerol and glucose. We observed that a significant percentage of the C. neoformans strains were able to grow on glycerol and glucose, with the highest biomass yield (Fig 2). Additionally, C. neoformans strains were able to grow on glycerol and glucose containing media containing glycerol and glycerol and ethanol, with the highest biomass yield (Fig 2). This finding supports the hypothesis that C. neoformans is a promising alternative to C. albicans for the industrial bioprocessing and biotechnology industries, as well as for the production of biofuel.

The C. neoformans transcriptome sequencing allowed the prediction of the C. neoformans gene products that were shared by the two species and predicted to be secreted by both enzymes. For example, a set of 7 genes was predicted to be secreted by two enzymes using the ESI-MS method (Table 1). Among these 7 genes, 5 were predicted to be protein kinases.

The secreted products of the two species were identified using the SignalP 3.0 program [18] and the R package [19]. In total, 87 of the identified secreted proteins were annotated with SignalP 3.0 and SignalP 2.0, with the exception of 12 proteins with SignalP 3.0 and SignalP 2.0 (Table 2).


## Discussion
pullulans, which is used to engineer biofuel producing strains to produce biofue. The engineered strains were selected for biofuel production by optimizing their yields and productivity in various substrates and cultivation conditions. A total of 51 strains were selected and subjected to genome engineering using a combination of optimization of cultivation temperature, cell density, and culture conditions. Of these strains, 12 strains, including 20 strains selected for A. pullulans fermentation, had the ability to produce biofuels. Among the strains, 11 strains, including 2 strains, have the ability to produce biofuels. The biofuel produced by these 11 strains was utilized in the fermentation of A. pullulans. All the strains produced biofuel in this study, which is in accordance with the results of previous studies conducted with A. pullulans.

In order to further increase the biofuel production, the biofuel production was performed in terms of biomass production and glucose consumption. The biomass production and glucose consumption were previously reported by A. pullulans strains as 2.5- and 4.5-fold, respectively, at 37째C and 42째C, respectively. The biomass production and glucose consumption were also reported for A. pullulans strains at 37째C and 42째C, respectively. In this study, we selected the strains for the biofuel production, which is in accordance with previous studies conducted with A. pullulans.

In this study, the concentration of cell-wall components in the culture medium of A. pullulans was 12.5 g/L. The concentration of cell-wall components in the culture medium of A. pullulans was 34.5 g/L. The cell-wall composition of the A. pullulans strains was composed of 5-hydroxyolean pentanoate (GMP) and 1-hydroxyolean hexanoate (HMP). Cell-wall-degrading enzymes such as glycoside hydrolases, glycosyltransferases, and cellulase were found to be involved in cell wall degradation of A. pullulans. The cell-wall-degrading enzymes such as cellulases, hemicellulases, and hydrolases were found to be involved in the degradation of cell wall of A. pullulans. The hydrolase family was also found to be involved in the degradation of cellulose and cellobiose.
