# Genomic Approach to Model the Pathogen Metabolic Pathway of Fungi
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Meningitis is a common cause of fever among adolescents and young adults in sub-Saharan Africa and Asia. We recently demonstrated that murine macrophages display upregulated pro-inflammatory and anti-inflammatory genes in response to infection with Cryptococcus neoformans, an environmental, opportunistic human pathogen. These findings may have practical implications for the development of novel vaccines and therapeutics against cryptococcosis.

Cryptococcus neoformans is a fungal pathogen that is responsible for a severe form of brain meningoencephalitis. C. neoformans is typically acquired by the inhalation of aerosols of high-valued material from environmental sources. In the absence of innate immunity, C. neoformans loads are usually limited to a small number of cells. Immunization with human macrophages known to be protective against cryptococcosis has previously been shown to protect mice against a variety of other pathogens, including, but not limited to, pulmonary tuberculosis and Kaposi’s sarcoma. Here we demonstrate that the pro-inflammatory and anti-inflammatory genes in macrophages derived from macrophages exposed to cryptococcal spores display a novel pattern of increased accumulation compared with the wild-type population. We find that the pro-inflammatory and anti-inflammatory genes are highly conserved and are most likely linked to the ability of these cells to evade or evade apoptosis. In contrast to previous reports, our macrophage derived progenitor cells accumulate in the brain in an ‘outbreak’ manner, with cells being phagocytized by an array of microorganisms and killed, indicating that the macrophages are primed for pathogen invasion. We find that a conserved NF-kB pathway is critical for this process. Interestingly, macrophages exposed to cryptococcal spores display upregulated signal-regulated kinases, which could underlie the ability of these cells to rapidly develop an infectious pathogen. Altogether, our findings demonstrate for the first time that activated, phagocytized macrophages are the first cells that rapidly develop an infectious pathogen.

Cryptococcus neoformans is an opportunistic human pathogen that has emerged as a major threat to global health. Current therapies are either restricted to very specific niches or have very narrow target ranges. This study demonstrates for the first time that the macrophage phagosome is a barrier to the development of this fungus.


## Introduction
Genome assemblies from different organisms have been established for several of these organisms, such as Haemonkia reductans (MaRS) and Bacillus subtilis (BtRS), and for some bacteria such as Escherichia coli (ERISA) and Pseudomonas aeruginosa (TsGRS) based on the shotgun sequencing approach (Tonher et a., 2003; Crosthwaite et al., 2006; Wang et al., 2014). In addition, genomic assemblies of some bacteria such as Burkholderia cepacia (BC) have been described, including the functional genome of P. aeruginosa, which was sequenced and examined, and many of the genes have been mapped (Croll et al., 2012). Burkholderia can be divided into several different subgroups according to their genetic characteristics, such as Bacillus subtilis, which is homozygous for genes from the Proteobacteria, Proteobacteria, and Actinobacteria, and Proteobacteria eubacterium, which is homozygous for genes from the Firmicutes, and from other groups of organisms such as the Firmicutes, the Bacteroidetes, and the Firmicutes megakonts (Croll et al., 2012). However, the list of known bacteria that produce a biofilm is quite long, and many of them are pathogenic to humans, including some that can cause fatal infections in both in vitro and in vivo models (Croll et al., 2012).

The proposed model system of biofilm formation and resistance development of some bacteria have been demonstrated (Pfeilig et al., 2010; Siqueira et al., 2010). The model system of biofilm development has been used successfully for the study of virulence factors, pathogens, and the host (Bok et al., 2007; Li et al., 2010; Pinto et al., 2011; McGuire et al., 2012; Doilom et al., 2012; Fernández-Jiménez et al., 2012; Fernández-Jiménez et al., 2013).


## Methods
vivax, we first aligned the genomic sequences of these fungal pathogens in GenBank using BLAST (http://ww.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/genbank/). The BLAST result was then used to assign the phylogenetic relationship to each fungal pathogen. The phylogenetic relationship was then visualized in the proteome of P. vivax and its metabolites.

All sequences of P. vivax fungi were aligned using MUSCLE (Edgar 2004), and the phylogenetic relationship was then visualized in the proteome of P. vivax.

To identify the metabolic pathways of the fungal pathogens in the pathogen-host interaction, we first searched for homologs of the following fungal pathogen species in GenBank: P. vivax, P. aurantiacum, P. vivaxillus fumigatus, P. brasiliensis, P. trichocera, P. sydowii, P. wentii, P. gypseum, and P. suis. The fungal species with homologs in GenBank were chosen for further analysis. The homologs of P. vivax, P. aurantiacum, P. wentii, P. trichocera, and P. wentii were aligned using MUSCLE (Edgar 2004) and visualized in the proteome of P. vivax.

To identify the metabolic pathways of the fungal pathogens in the pathogen-host interaction, we first searched for homologs of the following fungal pathogen species in GenBank: P. vivax, P. aurantiacum, P. wentii, P. brasiliensis, P. wentii, and P. suis. The fungal species with homologs in GenBank were chosen for further analysis. The homologs of P. vivax, P. aurantiacum, P. wentii, P. wentii, and P. wentii were aligned using MUSCLE (Edgar 2004) and visualized in the proteome of P. vivax.

To identify the metabolic pathways of the fungal pathogens in the pathogen-host interaction, we first searched for homologs of the following fungal pathogen species in GenBank: P. vivax, P.


## Results
graminearum [7. This pathogen can infect maize and can cause disease on rice plants [2,4,6,10]. We have adapted a pathway for fungal pathogenesis, which has been shown to be the first step for fungal pathogenesis in F. graminearum [1,7,9,11]. In F. graminearum, a specific protein of the phosphatidylinositol kinase (PIK) pathway is required for pathogenicity [12]. This protein is important for pathogenicity in other organisms [13]. We have recently described the PIK pathway in F. graminearum, which is important for pathogenicity in F. graminearum [13]. A PIK protein (PksP) is a protein encoded by a gene (PksP) in F. graminearum. The PksP is required for growth of the fungus in planta, but not in mammalian cells. F. graminearum has a PIK pathway that is involved in pathogenicity in other fungi [13]. The PksP protein is important for plant pathogenicity, but the other PIK proteins are not required [14,16]. The PksP pathway is also involved in plant pathogenicity in C. albicans [17].

We have recently described the PIK pathway in F. graminearum, which is important for pathogenicity in C. albicans [18]. We have adapted a pathway for fungal pathogenesis, which has been shown to be the first step for fungal pathogenesis in F. graminearum [19,20]. The PIK pathway is important for pathogenicity in C. albicans [18]. It is also important for fungal pathogenesis in C. neoformans [21]. This pathway was recently shown to be important for pathogenicity in C. albicans [22]. Our genome-based analysis identified a PIK pathway protein (PksP) in F. graminearum that is required for pathogenicity in other fungi, including C. albicans [19,23].

Genome-Based Approach to Model the Pathogen Metabolic Pathway of Fungi
The genome-based approach to model the pathogen metabolic pathway of F.


## Discussion
Two metallothioneins, FgPRK1 and FgPRK2, were identified in Fusarium graminearu. FgPRK1 was the most highly expressed gene. FgPRK2 was the least highly expressed gene. The metallothionein-like gene, HgPRK2, was also found in many other fungal species (reviewed by Lynch and Farkas, 2011). The gene, HgPRK2, was found in a small number of fungal species (Voorhis et al., 2008). The HgPRK2 gene encodes a protein kinase and phosphatases involved in DNA replication and cell differentiation (Chen et al., 2007; Yamaguchi et al., 2011). The HgPRK2 gene encodes a protein kinase and phosphatase. HgPRK2 encodes a protein phosphatase (Ketel et al., 2001; Srikantha et al., 2012). The HgPRK2 gene also encodes a protein kinase. FgPRK1 and FgPRK2 showed high expression levels in all tested fungal species.

The RNA-seq data showed that the HgPRK2 gene was expressed at the highest level in all tested fungal species. The HgPRK2 gene was expressed at the lowest level in all tested fungal species. The gene expression data also showed that the HgPRK2 gene was expressed at the highest level in all tested fungal species. The HgPRK2 gene was expressed at the highest level in all fungal species. HgPRK2 expression is highly regulated in a wide range of fungal species (Dominguez et al., 2012). The HgPRK2 gene encodes a protein kinase and phosphatase (Chen et al., 2007; Srikantha et al., 2012). The HgPRK2 gene encodes a protein kinase (Chen et al., 2007; Srikantha et al., 2012). The HgPRK2 gene encodes a protein phosphatase (Chen et al., 2007; Srikantha et al., 2012). The HgPRK2 gene encodes a protein phosphatase (Chen et al., 2007; Srikantha et al.
