# Global analysis of genes related to mycelial development in Cryptococcus neoformans
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Virulence is an innate immune response that defends the host from infection. This innate immune response can be defined as two disparate immune cells interacting in a tissue or within a microorganism. It has been proposed that the human immune response to the protozoan parasite is composed of two parts immune response: the first comprising the first directed against the microorganism and the second the second directed towards the pathogen. The latter acting is achieved by the release of the first cytokinesis ß-D-galactopyranosepacarin (ß-D-Galf) upon infection. This first inflammatory response results in the formation of small sized macromolecules that comprise dendritic cells and other specialized cells, which act as first line of defence to reduce the danger associated with pathogenic microorganisms. The formation of these first cells is essential to maintain the normal tissue barrier function, the first line of defence against fungal invasion. In this article, we will review current knowledge about the role of the two different immune cells in the establishment of infection.


## Introduction
With the advance of the era of high-throughput DNA sequencing technology, the number of genes being sequenced has increased exponentially. With the increasing number of sequenced genomes, the number of operational taxonomic units (OTUs) of fungal taxa has increased exponentially. This is evident by the number of taxonomically-relevant genomes that have been sequenced over the years. In most fungal taxa, eight out of the 943 taxa have been sequenced in the past six years, making up only 5.2% of the total genome. These are classified as “secreted” (or secreted-in), as they contain a large number of proteins, enzymes, cell wall components and secreted molecules that are involved in the synthesis, breakdown, release and modification of cell wall constituents. This secreted-in class is mainly associated with cellulose and hemicellulose, as well as proteins, enzymes and lipids (Bokulich et al. 2012). These organisms are usually recognized by many enzymes or lipids, and many enzymes have been described from secreted-in species. Thus, the secreted-in species are found in all taxa studied, as well as in many fungi, including these organisms, but not in plant or animal species. This observation is interesting because the secreted-in organisms are often classified as being secreted-in species, which are classified in different ways based on their enzymatic activity, i.e., secreted-in organisms are secreted in the presence of glucose, whereas secreted-in organisms are secreted in the absence of glucose (Becker et al. 2010).


## Methods
These orthologs were aligned with MUSCLE [29] and subsequently their sequence alignments were used for phylogenetic analyse. Gene family prediction was performed with a blastp program against the Protein Data Bank (PDB) database.

Phylogenetic analyses
The phylogenetic tree was constructed using the neighbor-joining (NJ) method in MEGA 6.0 software [30]. The neighbor-joining tree was generated using the neighbor-joining method with 1000 bootstrap replicates. The alignment of the DNA sequences was performed with CLUSTAL W [31] using default parameters. The molecular evolutionary model was selected using the Kimura 2-parameter model. The model was selected using the amino acid substitution model and the number of substitution rate categories was set to 1. Alignment gaps were treated as missing data. The evolutionary distances were calculated with the software MEGA 6.0 [31].

Taxonomic and phylogenetic analyses
The phylogenetic tree of the Cryptococcus neoformans subgroup (CNAG_02987) was constructed using the neighbor-joining method with 1000 bootstrap replicates. The sequence alignment was performed with MAFFT 7.8.31 [32], and the evolutionary distances were calculated with the software MEGA 6.0. The maximum-likelihood phylogenetic tree was generated with RAxML 7.2.8 [33]. The maximum-likelihood tree was drawn with the software RAxML 7.2.8.

Statistical analyses
The molecular data from each strain were analyzed with the program MEGA 6.0, in the order of the most abundant amino acids in the samples. The phylogenetic tree of the subgroup (CNAG_04878) was constructed using the software RAxML 7.2.8, in the order of the most abundant amino acids in the samples. The sequence alignment of the DNA sequences was performed with CLUSTAL W [32], and the evolutionary distances were calculated with the software MEGA 6.0, in the order of the most abundant amino acids in the samples. The evolutionary distances were calculated with the software MEGA 6.0, in the order of the most abundant amino acids in the samples.


## Results
neoformans (Fig 4.

The number of mycelial growth-associated genes increased in the Cryptococcus neoformans isolates examined and the number of mycelial growth-associated genes increased in the cna1<U+0394> and pkr1<U+0394> strains examined. This observation is consistent with the well-established growth-associated genes in Cryptococcus, including the PKA-related kinase genes, ERK1, ERK2 and JNK1, in which the pkr1<U+0394> strain has been shown to have significantly increased genes in both the ERK1 and JNK1 pathways [9].

The increased numbers of mycelial growth-associated genes in the cna1<U+0394> and pkr1<U+0394> strains examined suggested that the increased number of mycelial growth-associated genes is caused by a change in the expression of genes involved in cell wall synthesis and penetration, as observed in the C. neoformans CEA10 strain [30]. To test whether the increased numbers of mycelial growth-associated genes in the cna1<U+0394> and pkr1<U+0394> strains were caused by a change in the expression of genes involved in cell wall synthesis or penetration, the cna1<U+0394> and pkr1<U+0394> strains were grown in liquid medium (Fig 5). Under these conditions, the cna1<U+0394> strain showed a significantly higher number of mycelial growth-associated genes than the pkr1<U+0394> strain (Fig 5). However, the cna1<U+0394> strain showed no significant change in the number of mycelial growth-associated genes during C. neoformans infection, as revealed by the abundance of upregulated and downregulated genes in the cna1<U+0394> strain (Fig 5). The cna1<U+0394> strain showed no significant change in the number of mycelial growth-associated genes during C. neoformans infection, but the pkr1<U+0394> strain showed increased numbers of mycelial growth-associated genes during C. neoformans infection.


## Discussion
neoforman. The pattern of gene expression in the latter differs from that in other fungi. For example, expression in C. neoformans var. grubii is regulated by a light-responsive transcription factor Rdp1 [72]. A. fumigatus Rdp1 is a light-responsive transcription factor that regulates the expression of genes involved in light and thermotolerance in response to light [73]. A. nidulans Rdp1 is known to regulate the expression of genes involved in light-regulated genes, including those encoding the genes involved in the mycelial growth in Cryptococcus neoformans var. grubii (S5 Table). Our results demonstrate that Rdp1 is a homologue of the WCC, the transcription factor that controls asexual reproduction in C. neoformans. Our results also demonstrate that WCC-mediated light regulation is required for the development of sexual reproduction in C. neoformans var. neoformans. This finding is in line with the notion that transcription factors can be induced by light [74] and is in line with the hypothesis that light can contribute to asexual development in C. neoformans [75].

Genes related to cell wall integrity and cell wall-associated proteins
Genes related to cell wall integrity were also enriched in genes related to cell wall-associated proteins (CCAP), including cell wall-associated proteins (CWAP), cell wall-associated proteins (CWAP2, CWAP3, CWAP4), and cell wall-associated proteins (CWAP5, CWAP6). CWAPs are cell wall-associated proteins that are involved in a variety of cell wall-associated functions, such as the attachment of chitin to cell wall components [76]. CWAPs are encoded in diverse regions on the cell wall and are important for cell wall integrity and cell wall-associated proteins [77]. CWAPs were also enriched in genes related to cell wall-associated proteins (CCAP) and cell wall-associated proteins (CWAP2, CWAP3, CWAP4) (S6 Table). CWAPs are encoded in diverse regions on the cell wall and are important for cell wall integrity and cell wall-associated proteins [78]. CWAPs were also enriched in genes related to cell wall-associated proteins (CWAP2, CWAP3, CWAP4) (S6 Table).
