# Global investigation of microRNA-seq reveals a broad conserved regulation of chitin structure
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The use of antifungal therapy is under review by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and this article provides an overview of its clinical evaluation procedure. The clinician must be able to determine the efficacy and toxicity of a given drug without a well-balanced multivariate pharmacokinetic model. Specific laboratory investigations should be considered in the evaluation of systemic or subcutaneous antifungal therapy as well as the toxicological evaluation of such therapies. Specific in vitro and in vivo results of antifungal drugs used in the treatment of invasive aspergillosis (IFA) are also discussed. An understanding of the pharmacokinetic and in vivo pharmacokinetic parameters may aid in the rational design of new treatments that avoid the use of these drugs in the setting of IFAs.


## Introduction
Invasive fungal infections (IFI) are a major cause of morbidity and mortality in hospitalized patients. Candida albicans is the most common cause of IFI, followed by Candida glabrata, Cryptococcus neoformans, and Aspergillus fumigatus [1-3]. The majority of IFI is caused by A. fumigatus, with the incidence increasing worldwide due to the growing number of intensive care and intensive care unit patients with comorbidities, such as diabetes, immunosuppression, immunosuppressive medications, neutropenia, and cancer [4-7].

The genus Cryptococcus includes a wide range of pathogenic species, but Cryptococcus neoformans, Cryptococcus gattii, and Cryptococcus laurentii are the most common cause of fungal IFI [8]. Cryptococcus neoformans is the most common species isolated from HIV-positive patients in Vancouver Island [9]. In this study, we report the clinical, microbiological, and pathological features of Cryptococcus neoformans and C. glabrata patients admitted to Health Canada’s Emergency Department (ED) for cryptococcal meningoencephalitis.


## Methods
Thus, the chitin-encoding gene is not simply encoded by the genes of interes. The chitin-encoding gene encodes chitin, the chitin binding protein is chitin, and chitin is an essential part of chitinase, which is why we found that chitin was the only chitin in the complete set of chitinases for which chitinase sequences have been available. Chitin is one of the essential chitinases present in the chitin. The chitin-binding protein is chitin-encoding protein, the chitin-binding protein is chitin-encoding protein, and chitin-binding protein is chitin-encoding protein, which is why we found that chitin-binding protein was the only chitin in the complete set of chitinases for which chitinase sequences have been available.

Finally, the chitin-binding protein (ChI-BH, purified) and the chitin-encoding gene of chitinase A, are characterized by their transcriptional activities, respectively. Chitin-binding protein (ChI-BH, purified) is a low-binding protein (ChI-BH, 3-methyl-1-one, 1 mM) which is known to interact with chitin and chitinase. The chitin-encoding protein (ChI-BH, purified) is a low-binding protein (ChI-BH, 1 mM) which is known to interact with chitin and chitinase. The chitin-binding protein (ChI-BH, purified) is a high-binding protein (ChI-BH, 1 mM) which is known to interact with chitin and chitinase. The chitin-encoding gene (ChI-BH, purified) is a non-binding protein (ChI-BH, 1 mM) which is known to interact with chitin and chitinase. The chitin-encoding gene (ChI-BH, purified) is a non-binding protein (ChI-BH, 1 mM) which is known to interact with chitin and chitinase.


## Results
In addition, chitin is a key component of many cell wall and membrane proteins, including the Fc<U+03B3>RI (.g., Fc<U+03B3>RII), Fc<U+03B3>RIIa (e.g., Fc<U+03B3>RIIb) and Fc<U+03B3>RIIc (e.g., Fc<U+03B3>RIIc) (Fig 7).

Chitin is a prototypal structural component of the cell wall and is the basis of many cellular functions, including cell viability and membrane function (27). We tested whether chitin is involved in chitin degradation and chitosan synthesis. Chitin is degraded in the cell wall of many fungi, including fungi that produce chitin synthases (chitin synthase activity) (28). The production of chitin synthase activity by chitin synthases is regulated by both cell wall chitin and chitin deacetylase activity in fungi (29). Chitin synthases have been shown to be critical for the assembly and stability of chitin in various fungal cell wall structures, including chitin (30). To evaluate the role of chitin synthases in chitin degradation, we generated and tested chitin synthases in C. albicans and C. glabrata. Chitin synthases are found in all fungal species examined, except C. glabrata, where chitin synthases are absent (Fig 8A and B). C. albicans produces chitin synthase activity that is required for chitin deacetylation and chitin biosynthesis (31). This chitin synthase activity is likely regulated by chitin deacetylase activity, which is critical for the synthesis of chitin (32). The presence of chitin synthase activity is correlated with the production of chitin, a key component of cell wall chitin (33). Chitin deacetylase activity in C. albicans was not detectable in the media that had been grown in the presence of chitin synthase activity (data not shown).

Chitin is important for normal cell growth and appressorium formation.


## Discussion

The global transcriptional network analysis revealed that a variety of transcription factors regulate the expression of the three genes that are included in the transcriptional network (Fig 4. However, the most important regulator is the gene-specific regulator, SIR3 (SIR3 orthologous to Fusarium graminearum FgSIR3), which is induced by environmental stress and is critical for the response to host stress [38]. An additional regulator, FKS1 (fungal protein kinase 1), is also present. This protein is also involved in stress response, capsule formation, and immune responses [39]. In addition, the SIR2 ortholog, CIL2, has been shown to regulate the expression of chitin synthase genes [40], [41], [42]. This pathway controls the formation and release of chitin from chitin-containing proteins and chitosan [40], [43]. In this study, we found that SIR2 has a conserved role in the stress response in C. neoformans, and its transcriptional network was also found to be differentially regulated by environmental stress, stress-related gene activation, and stress-induced gene expression. This suggests that, in the absence of stress signaling, the microarray data may provide additional information regarding the roles of stress-related genes in the adaptation of C. neoformans to new ecological niches.

A key regulator of the stress response, the CIL2 ortholog, LYS2, is present in all genes involved in the response to environmental stress and gene activation, including genes encoding a stress-responsive transcription factor, HAPX, and a stress-responsive transcription factor, SIR2 (SIR2 orthologous to Fusarium graminearum FgSIR3). In the microarray data, we found that the three genes encode for an HapX-like transcription factor, HAPX, and HAPX-like transcription factor, respectively, and HAPX was also found to be involved in the response to environmental stress and stress-related gene activation. HAPX is also required for the adaptation to environmental stresses in C. neoformans.
