# Go ahead and kill the bad guys: experimental proof of circuitry for fungal virulence
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Cryptococcosis is a life-threatening fungal infection, caused by Cryptococcus gattii and C. deuterogattii, in humans and animals worldwide. Cryptococcus infection is acquired by inhalation of fungal spores which, like most other environmental yeasts, cross the pulmonary epithelium. Cryptococcal species of fungi also disseminate from the lungs of infected hosts. Cryptococcus can cause cryptococcosis, a life-threatening infection that can be fatal. Unlike the pulmonary diseases diseases of immunocompromised hosts, patients with cryptococcosis are poorly understood due to a gap in current knowledge regarding the early course of these diseases. We report the case of a 36-year-old patient, previously diagnosed as HIV-infected, who presented with nonspecific fever and coughing for 2 weeks following uneventful therapy with hydrocortisone. A computed tomography scan of her lung field revealed multiple nodules in the subarbuscular space of the lung and multiple pulmonary nodules. The lung lesions resolved within 1 week and she was alive at 7 months post-ART.


## Introduction
The growth of fungal pathogens is a significant concern for the welfare and security of animals. The impact of fungal diseases on animals is significant. The damage caused by the effects of fungal diseases on animals is known as commensalism. This is a significant finding that is not only because of the positive impact that it has on the health of animals, but also because of the ethical issues that arise from the negative impact that it has on the healthy interactions that humans and animals have with these pathogens.

The microbiome is a complex community of microbes that inhabit the human skin, gastrointestinal and vaginal mucosal membranes, the digestive tract, and the gut mucosa. The microbiota has an important role in maintaining the immune system, but it is also involved in some aspects of immunity, development, and pathology. The gut microbiome is classified into three groups: Firmicutes, Proteobacteria and Bacteria (Lactobacilli) (1-3). The Firmicutes comprise a group of fungi, mainly including Candida, Plesiothrix, and Pneumococcus, and are able to colonize the human gut (4, 5). The Proteobacteria constitute a group of microorganisms that reside in the human gut without causing disease, yet they have a profound impact on the health of the gut (6, 7). The Bacteria are not present in the gut but can be found in the skin and in the upper airways of the body and are associated with health (8).

The ability of some fungi to form biofilms is a feature of Candida and is associated with virulence (9). Candida biofilms are defined as a community of bacteria embedded in a matrix of extracellular polymeric substance (EPS) that can resist antifungal treatment (10). EPS are highly hydrated and are protected from environmental stresses by the presence of cell wall chitin and hyphal proteins (11). The ability of some fungi to form biofilms is a feature of the Candida genus, and the biofilm formation by Candida species can be controlled by various strategies, such as the production of secondary metabolites (12).


## Methods
Strains and growth conditions
The strains used in this study are listed in Table 1. C. glabrata CBS 14141 (CBS 14141), C. glabrata CBS 7876 (CBS 7876), C. glabrata CBS 14141 (CBS 14141), and C. glabrata CBS 14141 (CBS 14141) were used as reference strains for the experiments. The S. cerevisiae strains were purchased from the American Type Culture Collection (ATCC, Manassas, VA, USA). The plasmid vectors used for cloning were: pSFS2 (5'-CCTCCGTGTTCTC-3') and pSFS1 (5'-CCTCCGCTGATCTAAT-3'). The plasmids used for transformation were pSFS1 and pSFS2. The strains were stored in glycerol at -80 °C. All strains were grown in YPD (1% Bacto Peptone, 2% dextrose, and 2% agar) at 37 °C. For growth curve analysis, the minimum inhibitory concentrations (MIC) of each tested compound were determined by the broth microdilution method [34]. The experiment was repeated at least three times.

Strains and growth conditions
The S. cerevisiae strains were stored in glycerol at -80 °C.

To evaluate the growth of C.


## Results
As shown in Figure 2, the survival rate of the wild type strain in the mouse model was significantly reduced compared to the virulent strain in the model of systemic candidiasis, while the virulent strain was significantly more susceptible to infectio. We also observed that the survival rate of the mutant strain in the mouse model was significantly reduced compared to the virulent strain in the model of systemic candidiasis, whereas the virulent strain was significantly more susceptible to infection. These data suggest that C. neoformans virulence is induced in the host during infection with the mutant strains and that the mutant strain is more virulent in the host during infection with the virulent strains than the virulent strain.

In addition to the virulence-associated phenotypes, we also observed that the fungal virulence phenotype of the mutant strain in the model of systemic candidiasis was correlated with the fungal virulence phenotype of the wild type and mutant strains. For example, in Figure 3, the wild type strain was significantly less virulent in the model of systemic candidiasis than the mutant strain, whereas the mutant strain was significantly more virulent in the model of systemic candidiasis. As shown in Figure 3, the virulence phenotype of the mutant strain in the model of systemic candidiasis was correlated with the virulence phenotype of the wild type strain in the model of systemic candidiasis.

Protein glycosylation
We investigated the glycosylation patterns of the mutant strain in the model of systemic candidiasis. As shown in Figure 4, the mutant strain in the model of systemic candidiasis showed higher levels of glycosylation in the rich medium than the wild type strain. The mutant strain showed higher levels of glycosylation in the rich medium than the wild type strain, which suggests that the mutant strain has a glycosylation-related phenotype in the model of systemic candidiasis. In addition, we also examined the glycosylation patterns of the mutant strain in the model of systemic candidiasis. As shown in Figure 5, the mutant strain showed higher levels of glycosylation in the rich medium than the wild type strain, which suggests that the mutant strain has a glycosylation-related phenotype in the model of systemic candidiasis.


## Discussion
. Campbell, J. S. Kretschburger, A. F. Domhoff, M. D. Rang, M. L. Fraser, S. M. Drummond, S. P. Karp, and M. G. Davis) [32]. The mouse model used in this work has been established [31] and provides important information for the use of fungal pathogens in the clinic. This is a novel approach to infection control in humans, as it can be performed in the absence of any external stimuli.

We used the present model to examine the influence of fungal cell wall composition on the innate immune response in a murine model of invasive pulmonary aspergillosis. The cytokine response to C. neoformans is very different from that to C. albicans, C. tropicalis, and S. cerevisiae, and therefore we could not examine the expression of genes involved in the cell wall composition of C. albicans and S. cerevisiae. However, we observed that deletion of CcwA/G-201 in C. albicans leads to reduced cytokine production in response to infection. This is in agreement with previous studies in S. cerevisiae, where CcwA is involved in the cell wall composition of the fungus [34]. In contrast to C. albicans, we could not find any effect of deletion of CcwA on cytokine production in C. neoformans. However, we did observe a decrease in IL-10 production in mice treated with CcwA. It is known that CcwA is involved in the synthesis of IL-10 and IL-6 [35]. It is known that IL-10 is produced by T cells in response to fungal infections, and it is also reported that it plays a role in host protection against C. neoformans infections [36]. It is also known that IL-10 can be produced by IL-12R-deficient mice [37]. In addition, IL-10 has been reported to be produced by different immune cells, including macrophages [38], and it can be produced by neutrophils [39], but it is not a cell wall component [40]. We observed a slight decrease in IL-10 production in our model compared to that of the mouse model.
