# Hemoglobin Uptake by Histoplasma capsulatum Is Improved By NMR and BioD-Regulatory Factors
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Genetic diversity of yeast communities was investigated using whole genome single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) from more than 200 isolates in 79 Brazilian oak tree species. MLST and Sanger sequencing of five-e-unit (5-eu) ribosomal DNA (Rd) from the same root included 11 and 11 additional strains, respectively. Yeast community structure was characterized by homogeneous communities composed of 14 classes, including yeasts with a common ancestor (six species), as well as more recently detected species belonging to the Kloeckera-family (2 species), Saccharomyces cerevisiae, Hanseniaspora ipoglossurinum, Candida zemplininae, Candida humilis, Pichia pastoris, and Metschnikowia clypeus.

The present study revealed that the fungal diversity of the Brazilian oak tree mycological community was significantly different among different rootstocks, the majority of which were Rhodotorula species, the predominant species distributed in the montane forests of the Brazilian states of Mato Grosso and Rio Grande do Sul.


## Introduction

The cell wall integrity (CWI) pathway is a central pathway of immune response. It is composed of three interconnected subunits, Hap and Ptc, which are encoded by genes in the heterotrimeric kinetochore protein (Kck) family. The Kck1p and Kck2p proteins are the predominant kinetochore proteins in the host cell wall and are responsible for the synthesis of the CWI pathway. The Kck1p and Kck2p proteins are membrane bound and inhibit the secretion of nitric oxide (NO) and promote entry of the fungi into the host cell [26]. Hap and Ptc are membrane bound and inhibit fungal entry into the cell. The Ptc is a Ptc1p, a Ptc2p and a Ptc3p protein and has a catalytic domain. All three PTCs are structurally similar and share a common structural organization with the Kck1p and Kck2p proteins. In the human cell, Ptc1p is a cysteine rich repeat protein with a high homology with the Kck1p and Kck2p proteins and the Kck1p and Kck2p proteins, whereas Ptc1p is a cysteine rich repeat protein. In yeast, Ptc1p and Ptc2p are heterodimeric proteins with the catalytic domain and Ptc1p is a cysteine rich repeat protein [27]. In contrast, in the fungal cell, Ptc1p and Ptc2p are heterodimeric proteins with the catalytic domain and Ptc1p is a cysteine rich repeat protein [28]. In humans, Ptc1p and Ptc2p are mostly secretory proteins [29]. In vitro studies have shown that the fungi are able to use the Kck1p and Kck2p enzymes and thus Ptc1p is the major PTC, whereas Ptc1p is the key enzyme and Ptc2p is the key enzyme in Saccharomyces cerevisiae. The fungal cell wall is a complex structure consisting of various types of polysaccharides, such as chitin, glucans, and glycoproteins, and the fungal cell wall also consists of other polysaccharides like chitosan, chylomannan, and mannoproteins.


## Methods

Determination of organ burden in the adult human spleen
The spleen of a healthy human spleen was obtained from a healthy human donor using a sterile 70-gauge sterile cathete. The spleen was removed from the footpad and placed in a sterile PBS-KOH solution containing 0.05% Tween 80. The spleen was then incubated with 1% Triton X-100 for 5 min, washed in PBS, and then fixed with 2% paraformaldehyde in PBS. The spleen was incubated for 10 min with 4% paraformaldehyde, washed, and then embedded in paraffin. The spleen was immersed in 50% Percoll (Sigma-Aldrich Co.) for 15 min. The embedded spleen was then centrifuged at 14,000 rpm for 10 min. The supernatant was transferred to a fresh tube and stored at -20°C until analysis.

Fungal burden in the spleen of a healthy human spleen
The spleen of a healthy human spleen was extracted from a spleen, and the spleen spleen spleen fraction was divided into three parts: 1-spleen fraction, the spleen spleen spleen fraction of the control, and the spleen spleen spleen fraction of the experimental group. The spleen spleen fraction was incubated in 70% Percoll at room temperature (RT) for 30 min. The spleen spleen fraction was then centrifuged at 14,000 rpm for 10 min, washed in PBS, and then fixed with 2% paraformaldehyde in PBS. The spleen spleen fraction was then centrifuged at 14,000 rpm for 10 min, washed in PBS, and then transferred to a fresh tube. The spleen spleen fraction was then treated with 1% Triton X-100 for 5 min, washed in PBS, and then embedded in paraffin for 15 min. The spleen spleen fraction was then centrifuged at 14,000 rpm for 10 min, washed in PBS, and then transferred to a fresh tube. The spleen spleen fraction was then treated with 1% Triton X-100 for 5 min, washed in PBS, and then embedded in paraffin for 5 min. The spleen spleen fraction was then treated with 1% Triton X-100 for 5 min, washed in PBS, and then transferred to a fresh tube.


## Results
Two iron-starvation conditions were tested, with each incubated in the presence of a single protein in the presence of iron (.5 µM) and monitored by the addition of a peptide to the medium. The addition of the peptide resulted in the release of approximately 1.2 µM of iron, which corresponded to the expected amount (Fig 3A). When the addition of the peptide was not used, an increase in the amount of iron was observed (Fig 3B). To further characterize the iron-uptake mechanisms by which the proteins were transported, we constructed an iron-uptake-detecting plasmid, which is expressed from the promoter of the recombinant protein and is used in an iron-dependent manner (33). The plasmid was introduced into the wild type, the mutant, and the complemented strains. The plasmid was maintained under the control of the iron-dependent promoter (33). The uptake of the proteins by the plasmid was monitored using a plasmid-free medium with a high content of iron and an excess of iron (Fig 3C). The uptake of iron by the plasmid was improved by the addition of the iron-starvation peptide (Fig 3D). The uptake of the proteins by the plasmid was also improved by the addition of a peptide that is specific for the presence of a heme-chelating peptide (Fig 3E). The addition of the iron-starvation peptide resulted in the release of approximately 1.2 µM of iron, which corresponded to the expected amount (Fig 3E). The addition of the peptide to the media resulted in the release of approximately 1.2 µM of iron, which corresponded to the expected amount (Fig 3F).

Iron-uptake by Histoplasma capsulatum Is Improved by NMR and BioD-Regulatory Factors
The addition of iron was used as a positive control to evaluate the iron-uptake by histoplasma capsulatum (33). The addition of the iron-starvation peptide resulted in the release of approximately 1.2 µM of iron, which corresponded to the expected amount (Fig 4).


## Discussion
neoforman. Trans-coding gene TEMPO is an indispensable step in the establishment of signal-based identification of proteins with a specific signal. These proteins can be classified into three types: a serine-to-threonine protein (SPP), a branched-chain peptide (BCPP) and a serine-to-methanol-indol (SPM) protein (SCMP). SPP is the simplest type of protein with no serine-to-methanol (SOM) signal, and the SPP has a signal at 1.5 ppm and can be detected at 4.5 ppm. BCPP is a small molecule with a wide range of chemical structures, including amino acids, sugars, and other compounds. The main role of BCPP is to facilitate the binding of molecules, which also includes drugs, to the host surface, through the trans-coding gene, TEMPO [11].

The BCPP is a large molecule of serine-to-methanol (SOM) signal. The SOM molecule consists of a set of amino acids, including the mannose and the alcohols, and is divided into three groups: the disulfide bond, the anomeric group, and the acid group. In contrast to the SOM molecule, the disulfide bond is composed of the two disulfide bonds, the disulfide group and the alcohol group. The molecular weight of the disulfide bond is between 9.7 and 10.4 kDa and is mainly distributed in the SOM molecule. The terminal acyl group of the disulfide bond is formed by the disulfide bonds of the a, b, c, d, and e arginines of the a, b, d, and e arginines of the c, d, and e arginines of the e (Figure 1).
