# Host Biofilms and the Invasion of Human Pathogenic Fungi Volatile Protectors
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Autophagy is an essential process in cellular development and maintenance and is considered a key factor determining cell organelle development. In this work, the autophagic machinery of Pichia pastoris (Pc) spanning a mitochondrial ry-toxin (Sht) tyrosine-lt-Lysine (Trl) was investigated using in vitro and in vivo autophagy assays. The results showed that the Pc-Sht complex negatively influences autophagic activity in a dose-dependent manner. To investigate the mechanism, we used RNA-seq-based comparative genomic analysis to identify the gene expression profiles of gene expression networks during autophagy induction.


## Introduction
neoformans is an opportunistic fungal pathogen that causes life-threatening meningoencephaliti. The most frequent form of the disease is cryptococcal meningoencephalitis (CM), which accounts for approximately 90% of cases of AIDS-associated meningitis (5). However, a low prevalence of the disease and its complications are contributing factors to the high incidence of CM, particularly in patients with immunodeficiency. The other forms are HIV/AIDS-associated cryptococcosis (CNV) and tuberculosis (TB) (6). The third form is primary cutaneous cryptococcosis (PC), which accounts for approximately two-thirds of all cases in these patients (7). The disease is associated with a high mortality rate and is associated with high morbidity and mortality, especially in severely immunocompromised patients. Moreover, PC is usually asymptomatic and the infection is usually contained within days to weeks after the initial presentation; however, the disease can progress to reactivation and disseminated disease that is fatal if not treated.

The infection of the central nervous system (CNS) is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in patients with HIV/AIDS (8-11). Despite the existence of the disease, patients with CNS cryptococcosis have been found to be relatively insensitive to antifungal drugs (12). In addition, the lack of efficacy of many antifungals and the emergence of resistance to many antifungals have made the development of new antifungals more challenging. Indeed, the development of new antifungals is still a prerogative of the government of South Africa (SA) and of the Federal Republic of Germany (13).

Currently, there are over 200 approved antifungals for the treatment of cryptococcosis. These include three classes of antifungals that target different cell types (M1, M2, and M3) (14). The most important classes of antifungals include polyenes, azoles, and echinocandins. The class of polyenes is based on the tetrasaccharide, which includes ergosterol, which is synthesized by the enzyme lanosterol 14-a-demethylase. M1 polyenes are active against fungi, whereas M2 polyenes are active against yeasts and molds (14).


## Methods
Sampling and DNA Extraction
Sporum prolificans isolates were collected from different countries in South Africa, South Africa, and South-East Asia in 2007-2009 (Table 1). These samples were chosen based on previous studies of plant species from South Africa, South-East Asia, and India (Jakobsson et al., 2009a). In brief, the samples were collected on the following days from the respective areas: Cape Town (S.T.); Cape Town (S.T.); Johannesburg (J.P.); King George (J.P.


## Results
The hyphal morphology of the inoculated corn kernels was similar to that of the control corn kernels, indicating that the biofilm was continuous and intact (Fig 3C. We also found that the biofilms of the inoculated plants were covered with yeast-like structures and a few hyphae formed at the hyphal tips (Fig 3D). The hyphal morphology of the fungal hyphae was similar to that of the control corn kernels, indicating that the fungal biofilm was intact (Fig 3D). These observations indicate that the fungal biofilms in the Corn kernels were composed of discrete hyphae, which also represent distinct morphological morphologies in C. neoformans.

Fungal biofilms are a novel form of biofilm
We investigated the number of hyphal forms in the fungal biofilms by quantitative staining. To compare hyphal morphologies of the fungal hyphal biofilms with that of the control corn kernels, we stained the fungal hyphae with a hematoxylin-eosin (H&E) stain and then measured the intensity of the H&E stain using a commercial stain that stains fungal hyphae with an antibody specific to hematoxylin. Both the H&E stain and the standard stain stain (2 µg/ml) showed a clear H&E stain in the control corn kernels (Fig 4). The hematoxylin-eosin stain was also positive in the fungal hyphal biofilms. We further stained with a specific dye (Dox). In the control corn kernels, hyphal forms were relatively uniform in the control corn kernels, while, the hyphal forms were abundant in the fungal biofilms (Fig 4). In the control corn kernels, the hyphal forms were visible in the fungal hyphae, while the hyphal forms were only observed in the control corn kernels. These results suggest that the fungal hyphal biofilm is a novel form of biofilm, which is in agreement with the morphology of the fungal biofilms in C. neoformans.


## Discussion

Biofilms are abundant in fungi (i.e., filamentous fungi), but there are few studies on their role in pathogenesis. To date, there has been no studies on the occurrence of biofilms in clinical and industrial environments. Therefore, to identify the role of biofilms in pathogenesis, we investigated the occurrence of biofilms in the wild-type and mutant strains. We demonstrated that the wild-type strain did not contain biofilms. In contrast, the mutant strain, S288c, contained biofilms. Biofilms have been previously described for other organisms, such as viruses, bacteria, and parasites, such as Streptococcus mutans, T. brucei, and Salmonella spp., in which biofilm formation is the main pathogenicity factor [44]-[46]. Interestingly, the wild-type strain also contained biofilms. Interestingly, the mutant strain contained many biofilms. We speculate that this could be the result of biofilm formation in the wild-type strain, which could be a response to the introduction of a certain antifungal compound in the environment.

To date, there have been no studies on the occurrence of biofilms in clinical or industrial environments. To our knowledge, there is no report on the occurrence of biofilms in fungi. However, there has been the study of the occurrence of biofilms in humans. According to a study by Sardi et al., the occurrence of biofilms in humans was only observed in the first two weeks of infection, with the median time for occurrence being 21 days [47]. The clinical relevance of these findings is not known.

The first of its kind study, by Frisch et al., described the occurrence of biofilms in humans [48]. It was reported that biofilms were present in the nasal mucosa of cats and dogs [49]. In the study, there was only one clinical case of the occurrence of biofilm in cats. However, it was reported that the occurrence of biofilms was only observed in cats [50]. The second study reported the occurrence of biofilms in mice [51]. It was reported that the occurrence of biofilm was only observed in mice [50]. In the third study, it was reported that the occurrence of biofilms was only observed in mice [50]. It was reported that the occurrence of biofilms was only observed in mice [51].
