# Identification of Histoplasma-Specific Antifungals in Aspergillus fumigatus
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Eukaryotic cells are equipped with a wide variety of enzymes which are able to break down complex sugars which are insoluble. Noteworthy, enzymes are well known for their biocompatibility, yet enzymes are also known to participate in a wide range of other lifestyle categories. Fungi are no exception with enzymes involved in the adhesion of their cells to the host. Fungi are also known to be able to synthesize enzymes which are not shared with humans but we will discuss the prevalence of enzymes in different lifestyle categories in this review.


## Introduction
In the past two decades, the global burden of bacterial infections has changed dramatically, as a result of more widespread use of antibiotics and immunosuppressive agents [1], [2]. In addition, the number of immunocompromised patients is increasing, such that many patients are hospitalized in intensive care units (ICUs), with antibiotic prescriptions rising up to 2.5 times higher than in the general population, and with the number of new antibiotics being continuously being discovered [3-5].

Many pathogens are able to proliferate in the human host. For example, influenza A, tuberculosis, and Cryptococcus spp. are all able to disseminate through the respiratory tract, causing infections that are often fatal [6], [7]. The infectious agent influenza A, which can cause a wide spectrum of respiratory diseases, such as bronchitis, bronchitis, sinusitis, and pneumonia, is able to survive and replicate within the alveolar space, and can disseminate to the brain. The respiratory infection caused by influenza A virus is defined by the presence of alveolar spaces, and a lack of immune cells [8].

Influenza A and other influenza viruses, such as influenza B virus (IBV) and influenza C virus (ICV), can replicate in the alveolar space [9-11] and cause chronic infections that are associated with severe morbidity and mortality. Although many viruses can infect different cell types in the host, there are only two common viral species, viral mycobacteria (VME) and non-viral viruses (VLV and VLVL).


## Methods
The ribosomal DNA operon has been described as a targeted primer with a large transmembrane region spanning the entire length of the protein [22. The amino acid sequences of the operon were designed in order to identify the specific fungal isolates. The PCR products were purified with the QIAquick PCR purification kit (Qiagen) and subjected to sequencing. The sequences of the putative fungal proteomes were obtained from the results of the sequencing. The sequence alignments and phylogenetic analyses were performed by Clustal X [23] using the default settings. The sequences were manually edited to remove ambiguously aligned positions and to remove poorly aligned positions. The phylogenetic tree was generated by applying the neighbor-joining method with the neighbor-joining method and the neighbor-matrix method with the matrix-based method. The phylogenic trees were constructed by the neighbor-joining method using the MEGA 7 software.

Statistical Analyses
The data were analyzed by using SPSS version 20.0 (SPSS, USA) and the relationships between the four variables were analyzed by using the Fisher’s exact test. The statistical analysis was performed by using R software (Version 2.0.3) and the statistical analysis was performed with the non-parametric Mann-Whitney test. The data were analyzed by using the GLM function. The parameters used for this analysis are as follows: the number of samples, sample size, sampling time, and the ratio of the two-sample group. The average value of the samples was computed for each sample, and the median and interquartile range (IQR) were calculated. The variables with a p-value <0.05 were considered as statistically significant, and the data was analyzed using GraphPad Prism version 5.00 software.

Ethical Statement
The study was approved by the Ethics Committee on Animal Experiments at the Faculty of Veterinary Medicine of the University of São Paulo, under the “Guidelines for the Ethics Review of Animal Experiments at the Faculty of Veterinary Medicine” (No.13/2014).


## Results
.


## Discussion
In the past two decades, there has been a worldwide increase in the number of Candida-infected patients, especially among patients with diabetes mellitus, immunocompromised patients, and patients living with HIV [22. C. albicans has been the predominant species, accounting for over 90% of isolates of C. albicans, followed by C. tropicalis, C. parapsilosis, C. tropicalis, and C. krusei. The majority of the isolates were from patients with invasive aspergillosis and candidiasis, which are chronic conditions that affect the patient’s health [23]. C. parapsilosis has been the predominant species in invasive aspergillosis and candidiasis, especially in patients living with HIV and other chronic conditions [24]. In the present study, the majority of the C. parapsilosis isolates were obtained from patients with candidiasis and chronic diseases, including diabetes mellitus and solid organ transplantation, and were reported as non-albicans, non-albicans Candida spp., and non-albicans Candida spp., while the other C. albicans and non-albicans Candida spp. isolates were reported as albicans and non-albicans Candida spp., respectively.

The majority of the non-albicans Candida spp. isolates (85%) were obtained from patients living with HIV, although some patients have also been found to be infected with C. albicans, which is reported to be a risk factor for C. albicans infection [25]. The most common non-albicans Candida spp. isolates are C. parapsilosis (18%) and C. tropicalis (1%), followed by C. krusei (1%) and C. parapsilosis (1%). The majority of the non-albicans Candida spp. isolates are C. albicans (11%), C. tropicalis (2%), C. krusei (2%), and C. parapsilosis (1%). The majority of the non-albicans Candida spp. isolates (39%) were obtained from patients living with HIV, but some patients have also been found to be infected with C.
