# Identification of Fungal Lignocellulolytic Polysaccharides from Cerebrospinal Fluid and Their Antifungal Activity against Monilinia fructicola
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Cryptococcus gattii causes life-threatening disease in otherwise healthy hosts. C. gattii is the most common cause of invasive disease in immunocompetent individuals, with a high rate of resistance among other reasons. Recent studies indicate that C. gattii genome alterations and interactions may be playing a role in the host immune response to this pathogen. These alterations may be playing a role in the pathogenesis of cryptococcosis. The underlying mechanism of immune responses to C. gattii is still being delineated, but could include both T helper cell subsets (T helper), which may include the resident population of C. gattii in the infected host and alternatively, the resident population of the host immune system (hemocytes). The goal of this study was to identify the molecular mechanisms of immune responses to C. gattii and its adaptation to infecting hosts, which is the case in the current study. The in vivo and in vitro responses to C. gattii were compared in live and heat-killed mouse lung cells, mouse bronchoalveolar lavage (MALB) and fungal lung cells. The in vitro immune responses were analyzed by real-time PCR and real-time visualization of antibodies in CD4+ and CD8+ T-cell memory CD4+ and CD8+ T-cells and by flow cytometry.


## Introduction
Leishmania parasites have been found to be able to infect a variety of mammals, including humans, as well as other invertebrates, such as some amphibians, reptiles, and birds (1-3). Many Leishmania species are able to cause disease in humans, as demonstrated by the most extensive study yet (4). The major lineages of the Leishmania genus have been divided into three major divisions: subgenus Leishmania, subgenus dimorphic lineages and major lineages. The division of L. donovani into three subgenus (Ld), Ld, and Ld, which was proposed in 2001 (5), has been used to study the evolution of disease and to study the evolution of population structure and evolution of genetic diversity (6). However, the existence of such a division has not been well investigated.

The division of L.


## Methods
The Fungal Lignocellulolytic Polysaccharides from CSF was extracted from the cerebrospinal fluid using a rotavapor (1.5 ml/min) and centrifuged (1.000 rpm, 10 min). The supernatant was collected, and the extracts were concentrated by ultrafiltration (1.000 × g, 0.8 mL of concentrated supernatant) using a 10% SDS-PAGE gel (2X). The concentrated supernatant was transferred to a clean tube, and the protein concentration was determined by Bradford method (Bradford 1976). The concentrated supernatant was stored at -80 °C. The Fungal Lignocellulolytic Polysaccharides were characterized by MALDI-TOF MS and MALDI-TOF MS, using the same protocols described in Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) (www.clsb.org) (Protocols and Materials) (www.aspgd.org).

Cytotoxicity
Cytotoxic activity was determined using a protocol based on the inhibition of cytotoxicity (MICs) by a minimal inhibitory concentration (MIC_M) method. Briefly, the experiment was performed with the compound 0.125 mg/mL in 0.25 M sodium phosphate buffer (pH 7.4). The experiments were performed in triplicate. The experiment was performed in triplicate and MIC values of compound 0.25 mg/mL were considered as the lowest concentration that inhibited the cytotoxicity. The experiment was performed in triplicate and MIC values of compound 1.25 mg/mL were considered as the highest concentration that inhibited cytotoxicity. The experiments were performed in triplicate and MIC values of compound 2.25 mg/mL were considered as the lowest concentration that inhibited the cytotoxicity. The experiment was performed in triplicate and MIC values of compound 3.25 mg/mL were considered as the highest concentration that inhibited the cytotoxicity. The experiment was performed in triplicate and MIC values of compound 4.25 mg/mL were considered as the lowest concentration that inhibited the cytotoxicity. The experiment was performed in triplicate and MIC values of compound 5.


## Results
Recently, we have found that lignin is a lignin ligase in the fungal cell wall [34. In addition, the polysaccharides on polysaccharides on lignin are also a lignin ligase [35]. The polysaccharides on polysaccharides on polysaccharides on lignin are also a lignin ligase, which could be the reason for the higher antifungal activity of polysaccharides on polysaccharides on lignin [35].

To identify polysaccharides that are differentially active against Monilinia fructicola, we performed a polysaccharide assay. In this assay, polysaccharide from the control strain (G. mellonella) was tested in a polysaccharide assay, and polysaccharides were added to the polysaccharide suspension at various concentrations. The results are shown in Fig 6. As shown in Fig 6, the polysaccharides in the polysaccharide suspension were significantly lower than the polysaccharide suspension in a polysaccharide suspension assay. This result is consistent with our previous data showing that monosaccharides from the control strain are more active than polysaccharides from the fungal strain G. mellonella [34]. Our previous study has demonstrated that the polysaccharide suspension from G. mellonella is more susceptible to UV-B, antifungal, and fluconazole-tolerant agents [36]. Therefore, the polysaccharide suspension from G. mellonella could be a promising candidate for use in antifungal and antifungal drug screening.

As shown in Fig 6, the polysaccharide suspension from G. mellonella was slightly more active than the polysaccharide suspension from the fungal strain G. mellonella in a polysaccharide assay, as determined by the results of the polysaccharide assay. These results are consistent with the results obtained in a polysaccharide assay.


## Discussion
The bacterial lipids were screened for their antifungal activity against . graminearum and F. oxysporum strains. The analysis of the fungal lipids showed that the C. albicans lipids were highly active against these strains (Fig 1a), and the bacterial lipids were inactive (Fig 1b).

In order to gain insight into the chemical composition of fungal lipids, the active fungal lipids were prepared by mixing the C. albicans and C. neoformans lipids in water at room temperature for 2 h. The chemical composition of fungal lipids was determined by the IC_50 of the fungal lipids, which were determined by the percentage of the active fungal lipids, and by the percentage of the inactive fungal lipids (Fig 1c). The active fungal lipids (Fig 1d) were mainly comprised of alanine and arginine (Fig 1e). The C. albicans lipids (Fig 1f) and the bacterial lipids (Fig 1g) showed a broad and polar substrate, whereas the C. neoformans lipids (Fig 1h) showed a narrow substrate. The results showed that the C. albicans lipids (Fig 1h) showed very narrow substrate, with a concentration of 1.6 g/L. The C. neoformans lipids (Fig 1i) and the bacterial lipids (Fig 1j) showed a relatively narrow substrate, with a concentration of 1.4 g/L. The results showed that the C. albicans lipids (Fig 1k) and the bacterial lipids (Fig 1m) showed the same substrate. The C. neoformans lipids (Fig 1n) and the bacterial lipids (Fig 1o) showed the same substrate, with the concentration of 1.4 g/L. The results showed that the C. albicans lipids (Fig 1o) and the bacterial lipids (Fig 1p) showed the same substrate, with the concentration of 1.4 g/L. The results showed that the C. albicans lipids (Fig 1q) and the bacterial lipids (Fig 1r) showed the same substrate, with the concentration of 1.
