# Identification and Characterization of Pseudocercospora pansicum var. flora Caused to Live on Pomegranate in North America and Is Still Critically Important to Banzai Populations
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Pneumocystis jirovecii, a fungal parasite, is a member of the order Paraleucobryosphaeriales and is endemic to almost all areas of the world except Antarctica. The parasite is found in snow-covered areas, which are inhospitable to humans. In addition to the chemical contamination of pigeon hoses, Pneumocystis jirovecii has been known to be a member of beryllipides fungi. In this work we collected and analysed 26 isolates of P. jirovecii in 46 localities and 23 collections from 15 other habitats from the USA, Europe, Asia, and South America. The P. jirovecii isolates were subjected to metabolomics analysis and the obtained metabolomic data were compared with that of culture collections. In total, the metabolites analyzed had a total of 26.72% similarity with those in culture, and of these 26.72% had a similarity threshold of =2.5. Our study revealed that P. jirovecii has evolved a chemical metabolite repertoire that is comparable to that of the beryllipides fungi. The comparison of the metabolomic data with other isolates of Pneumocystis jirovecii suggests a great difference in the metabolism of this organism among different habitats.


## Introduction
Candida albicans is one of the major fungal pathogens in humans, and as such can cause life-threatening systemic infections that can lead to death in the majority of patients [1]. Although Candida albicans is rarely found in the environment, it is estimated to infect about 1.5 million people every year [2]. Due to its central nervous system (CNS) and ability to proliferate in the blood, C. albicans is able to evade immune surveillance and disseminate through the bloodstream and other organs. Thus, a crucial step for the establishment of an infection in the host is the activation of immune cells, particularly macrophages, to fight against this pathogen.

The activation of macrophage activity is initiated by two sequential events: the formation of an activated monocyte/macrophage population comprising of macrophages and neutrophils. This activation leads to the induction of an autophagic microenvironment that consists of cytokines, chemokines and other cytokines that are collectively recognized by the cognate receptors, including IL-12, IL-17 and TNF-a.


## Methods
pansicum va. pansicum (Pb. panicum) was isolated from a tree at the Italian basilica of Versailles, and described in detail [21]. P. pansicum var. pansicum was grown on PDA at 28 °C for 7 days. Subsistence was maintained with 200% moisture at 28 °C, and submersed under aseptic conditions [22]. Cultivation was carried out at 25 °C for 3 weeks.

Identification and Characterization of Pseudocercospora pansicum var. pansicum in Africa
The fungal isolates of Pb. panicum var. pansicum were obtained from the collection of Prof. Frans van den Hondel of Instituto de Micologia Tropical, University of Pretoria, South Africa. The isolates were identified by sequencing the DNA of the fungal internal transcribed spacer (ITS) region and the internal transcribed spacer region of the ribosomal DNA (rDNA). The primers ITS1 and ITS4 [23] were used for amplification of the rDNA region, which is a nested region of the ribosomal DNA and contains the three common internal transcribed spacer (ITS) genes and the internal transcribed spacer region (ITS). The PCR product was purified using PCR buffer and subjected to agarose gel electrophoresis to ensure that the PCR product was purified correctly. The purified PCR product was sequenced.

Identification and Characterization of Pseudocercospora pansicum var. pansicum in Africa
DNA extraction and sequencing of the primers ITS1 and ITS4 was performed as previously described [24]. The primers were designed using Primer3 software (http://www.expasy.org/) and have been deposited in the GenBank database (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/genbank/) and in GenBank (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/genbank). The sequence of the primers was performed using the BLAST program [25]. The bacterial 16S rRNA gene sequence was obtained from the Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT using the sequences of a reference sequence from the Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT (http://www.broadinstitute.org/annotation/genome/neurospora/MultiHome.html). The phylogenetic tree was constructed using the neighbor-joining method [26].


## Results
has been reported as causing the leaf blight of Pomegranate in North America and Pakistan, where it is considered a significant pathoge. The species was identified in the vicinity of P. pansicum in North America (3) and in the vicinity of P. infestans in Pakistan (2) (Fig 3). In North America, it was only known from the type locality of the type locality and its phylogenetic relationship to P. infestans was not resolved. However, it was described as a possible pathogen of P. infestans in the USA (1). The fungus is therefore considered a potential agent of necrosis caused by P. infestans.


## Discussion
In the present study, Pseudocercospora species were detected in two Pomegranate samples, which included the time points on Pomegranat. In general, fungi inhabiting Pomegranate are characterized by their dark green to dark brown, dark-coloured spores, dark-coloured hyphal clusters, and numerous pseudocysts (Fig 3). Pseudocercospora spp. are abundant on Pomegranate and are classified as the main species of Pseudocercospora in this study (Fig 3a). In addition, Pseudocercospora spp. are closely related to Pseudocercospora species in other systems, as well as to Pseudocercospora sp. In our study, Pseudocercospora spp. are highly abundant in Pomegranate, and the members of Pseudocercospora are known to play a major role in fungal pathogenicity and infection of plants. We found that Pseudocercospora spp. could not be detected in Pomegranate samples, which is not consistent with the results of previous studies in the same plant species (Figs 3c and 3d). Pseudocercospora spp. are classified as endophytic and endophytic fungi in Pomegranate, and are classified as the main species in P. citrinum (Figs 3c and 3d).

In our study, we found that Pseudocercospora spp. was more abundant in Pomegranate samples than in other fungi. Pseudocercospora spp. are more frequently found in Pomegranate and are more frequently found in other plant species (Figs 3c and 3d). Pseudocercospora spp. also belong to the Tremellomycetes family (Sordariomycetes) (Fig 4). Tremellomycetes species are known to produce an arsenal of secondary metabolites that are critical for fungal growth and development [44]. In this study, we found that Tremellomycetes spp. are more abundant in Pomegranate.
