# In Vivo Evolution of the Blood-Borne Pathogen Blood-Carriers Gene Family in Host-Derived Fungi and Their Bacterial-Fungal Interactions
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Itraconazole is commonly used for the treatment of bacterial infections caused by different pathogenic species. The use of itraconazole in the treatment of pleomorphic fungi, including the pathogen Cryptococcus gattii, is under review scientific literature. This study aimed to evaluate the activity of itraconazole against C. gattii and to determine the similarities and differences between itraconazole and amphotericin-sulfamethoxazole. The minimum effective concentration (MIC) of itraconazole was determined using the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) M38-A3 broth microdilution method. The activity of itraconazole was evaluated by determining the percentage zone of growth reduction. Furthermore, the effects of itraconazole on the secondary metabolite production were determined. The MIC50 and MIC90 of itraconazole were 0.25-1.00 µg/mL and 1.00-2.00 µg/mL, respectively. The MIC50 and MIC90 of itraconazole were 1.00-2.00 µg/mL and 1.00-5.00 µg/mL, respectively.


## Introduction
Cryptococcosis is a human-pathogenic fungal infection that affects both individuals and animals. It has been reported to affect primarily individuals with impaired cell-mediated immunity, those with immune defects, those with AIDS, and individuals with idiopathic CD4+ T cell deficiency [1, 2]. In a large outbreak of C. neoformans infection in a renal transplant patient in California in 2009, a single isolate was identified with >200,000 cases and 600,000 deaths [3]. C. neoformans can be divided into two varieties, Cryptococcus neoformans (serotype A), which is primarily a pathogen and causes cryptococcal meningitis, and Cryptococcus gattii (serotype D) causes a more severe form of the disease known as cryptococcosis meningitis. C. gattii is responsible for nearly all other cases reported from the United States Pacific Northwest (Washington and Oregon) with most occurring in sub-tropical regions of the country, including British Columbia, Canada and the Northwest United States. However, a few cases have been reported from the Northwest, including in the city of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, and in the city of Seattle, Washington, D.C., which are predominantly a disease of outdoor workers. We describe a case of respiratory syncytial hyperplasia in an HIV-positive patient, who was found to have a rare autoimmune disease, which affected his immune function, including memory and control of vital functions, such as the immune system, and the outcome of this disease.


## Methods
cerevisiae (http://ww.broadinstitute.org/annotation/genome/sci.html), using primers HIS1 and HIS2 (Table 1), and cloned into pMD19-TOPO (Invitrogen) to generate pMD19-BEST. The pMD19-BEST plasmid was then transformed into S. cerevisiae strain PH-1 using the lithium acetate protocol. The plasmid was then transformed into the wild-type strain S. cerevisiae R265 using the lithium acetate protocol. In all assays, the bile acid-degrading gene BAC2 (BAC1, BAC2, and BAC3) was used as the internal control. The cells were cultured in RPMI 1640 medium supplemented with 10% heat-inactivated fetal bovine serum, 1% antibiotics, and 1% nonessential amino acids at 37 °C. All strains were cultured in SDB at 37 °C for 24 h. The BAC1 gene was amplified with primers BAC1F (5'-GCAGGAGCTTGAGATTC-3') and BAC1R (5'-CCAAACACGCAGCTCTCC-3') and cloned into pMD19-TOPO, and the plasmid was transformed into S. cerevisiae strain S288C using the lithium acetate protocol. The plasmid was then transformed into the wild-type strain S. cerevisiae R265 using the lithium acetate protocol. The cells were cultured in YPD medium at 30 °C for 16 h. The bile acid-degrading gene BAC3 (BAC3, BAC3, and BAC3) was used as the internal control. The cells were cultured in SDB at 30 °C for 24 h.

In vivo transcription of the S. cerevisiae transgene in vitro
The S. cerevisiae transgene was produced in this study using the plasmid pRS426-2B3-3 (Invitrogen) according to the manufacturer’s recommendations. The plasmid was transformed into the wild-type S. cerevisiae strain PH-1 using the lithium acetate protocol.


## Results
The Vivo Evolution of the Blood-Borne Pathogen Blood-carriers gene family revealed four main evolutionary branches in the fungal lineage (Fig 1A.

The Vivo Evolution of the Blood-Borne Pathogen Blood-carriers gene family is the first evolutionary branch to be observed in fungi. The Vivo Evolution of the Blood-Borne Pathogen Blood-carriers gene family revealed three branches in the fungal lineage. The first branch is revealed by the phylogenetic analysis of the Vivo Evolution of the Blood-Borne Pathogen Blood-carriers gene family. The second branch is revealed by the phylogenetic analysis of the Vivo Evolution of the Blood-Borne Pathogen Blood-carriers gene family. The third branch is revealed by the phylogenetic analysis of the Vivo Evolution of the Blood-Borne Pathogen Blood-carriers gene family. The fourth branch is revealed by the phylogenetic analysis of the Vivo Evolution of the Blood-Borne Pathogen Blood-carriers gene family. The evolutionary relationships among the different evolutionary branches are presented in Fig 1B.

In fungi, the Vivo Evolution of the Blood-Borne Pathogen Blood-carriers gene family revealed four evolutionary branches. The first branch is revealed by the phylogenetic analysis of the Vivo Evolution of the Blood-Borne Pathogen Blood-carriers gene family. The second branch is revealed by the phylogenetic analysis of the Vivo Evolution of the Blood-Borne Pathogen Blood-carriers gene family. The third branch is revealed by the phylogenetic analysis of the Vivo Evolution of the Blood-Borne Pathogen Blood-carriers gene family. The fourth branch is revealed by the phylogenetic analysis of the Vivo Evolution of the Blood-Borne Pathogen Blood-carriers gene family.

Based on the phylogenetic analysis of the Vivo Evolution of the Blood-Borne Pathogen Blood-carriers gene family, four major evolutionary branches were observed in fungi and yeast:

The Vivo Evolution of the Blood-Borne Pathogen Blood-carriers gene family revealed four evolutionary branches.


## Discussion
dermatitidis and . neoformans (Fig 4). The VfVn gene family was also expanded in these pathogens (Fig 3, 5). Moreover, several VfVn genes in V. cholerae, V. bovis, and V. dahliae were also present in the blood-borne pathogens V. subglaciale, V. gattii, V. hordei, and V. canis (Fig 3). In C. neoformans, the VfVn gene family was expanded to include genes involved in cell wall biogenesis, cell cycle progression, and intracellular signaling (Fig 4). In V. cholerae, the VfVn gene family was expanded to include genes involved in the biosynthesis of cell wall components and cell wall-degrading enzymes, cell wall degrading enzymes, and cell wall-degrading enzymes genes (Fig 4). In the V. subglaciale, V. bovis, and V. hordei, the VfVn gene family expanded to include genes involved in the biosynthesis of cell wall components and cell wall-degrading enzymes, and cell wall-degrading enzymes genes (Fig 4). In V. subglaciale, the VfVn gene family expanded to include genes involved in the biosynthesis of cell wall components and cell wall-degrading enzymes, and cell wall-degrading enzymes genes (Fig 4). In contrast to the V. subglaciale, the V. gattii, V. subglaciale, and V. dahliae, the VfVn gene family was not expanded to include genes involved in the biosynthesis of cell wall components and cell wall-degrading enzymes. V. cholerae VfVn and VfVn gene families were not expanded in these pathogens (Fig 4). In contrast, the V. subglaciale, V. subglaciale, and V. hordei were expanded to include genes involved in the biosynthesis of cell wall components and cell wall-degrading enzymes, and cell wall-degrading enzymes genes (Fig 4). The VfVn and VfVn gene families were expanded in these pathogens (Fig 4).
