# Increased Saccharomyces cerevisiae virulence factor activity with antifungal therapy in murine models of fungal infection
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Infections of the adrenal glands are common to all individuals and have been increasing in recent decades. They are of great concern in the last few years due to their pathological significance and the growing problem of incidence of adrenal insufficiency in immunocompromised patients. The purpose of this study was to investigate the possible association between severe infections of the adrenal glands and frequent fungal infections in patients with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).

Forty-seven HIV-positive patients with severe immunodeficiency (defined as CD4+ count =350 cells/µL) were enrolled in this study. The samples were randomly collected from the clinics of the two major hospitals in HIV-endemic regions of Brazil (eastern part of the country, the coast and the west coast of the country) on the day of enrollment. Samples were divided into 3 groups: 7 infectious cases (n = 25), 15 non-infectious cases (n = 25) and 3 uncommon cases (n = 13). For each patient, the odds ratio was evaluated to understand the association between severe infections and fungal infections. Associations between severe infections and both CD4+ count values and fungal infections were explored using linear regression.

Infectious cases were associated with decreased CD4+ count, while uncommon cases were associated with increased CD4+ count. In the CD4+ count group, the commonest cryptococcal infection was zoonotic tuberculosis, followed by invasive aspergillosis (n = 25), lymphocytic pleocytosis (n = 13), and/or non-hemolytic granuloma (n = 13).


## Introduction
While Candida albicans yeast cells appear to have a comparable antifungal activity [18], [19], there is no study comparing the in vitro antifungal activity of Candida albicans and Saccharomyces cerevisia.

In this study, the antifungal activity of compounds derived from Candida albicans and C. glabrata was evaluated against C. albicans and C. glabrata. The selected compounds were tested for in vitro antifungal activity against C. albicans and C. glabrata. The antifungal activity of a-palmitoyl-tRNA synthetase (CAS-1) was found to be higher than that of caspofungin, and this compound displayed higher levels of activity against the fungus. A-palmitoyl-tRNA synthetase was more sensitive to the fungicidal effect than caspofungin, but activity was not associated with the fungicidal effect of these compounds. A-palmitoyl-tRNA synthetase was found to be more sensitive to fungicidal effects than caspofungin, and this compound displayed higher levels of activity against the fungus. The antifungal activity of several compounds from C. glabrata was tested against C. albicans and C. glabrata. The compounds tested against C. albicans and C. glabrata were tested for in vitro antifungal activity against C. glabrata and C. albicans. The antifungal activity of several compounds from C. albicans was tested against C. albicans and C. glabrata. The compounds tested against C. albicans and C. glabrata were tested for in vitro antifungal activity against both yeasts. The antifungal activity of three compounds from C. albicans was tested against C. albicans and C. glabrata. The compounds tested against C. albicans were tested for in vitro antifungal activity against both yeasts. The antifungal activity of these compounds from C. albicans and C. glabrata was tested against C. glabrata and C. albicans. The antifungal activity of the compounds from C. glabrata and C.


## Methods
In brief, the cell suspension was cultured on yeast extract-peptone-dextrose (YPD) agar plates at 37°C for 24 . Then, the cells were counted and diluted to a concentration of 1 × 10^6/mL and incubated with 50 µL of the suspension at 37°C for 10 h. After centrifugation at 2000 × g for 15 min, the supernatant was collected and the cell density was adjusted to 1.0 × 10^6 cells/mL. The cell density of each strain was determined using the optical density at 532 nm (OD_5) of the culture supernatant. The yeast growth was expressed as optical density (OD_600) units per milliliter.

The assay was performed in triplicate using RPMI 1640 buffered with MOPS (Sigma-Aldrich) and YPD (Sigma-Aldrich) buffered with MOPS, at pH 7.4, with or without the indicated carbon source. The inhibition of growth was determined by measuring the percentage of inhibition of cell growth by each carbon source compared to the growth of the control strain. The experiment was performed in duplicate and repeated at least three times.

The activities of different enzymes, including phospholipases, ß-1,3-glucosidases, and ß-1,3-glucosidases, were tested in different yeast strains. The enzymatic activities were determined using the method described by Miller [29]. Briefly, yeast cells (1.0 × 10^6/mL) were cultured in YPD broth at 37°C for 24 h and then, they were collected by centrifugation at 3000 × g for 15 min and the supernatant was collected. The samples were again centrifuged at 3000 × g for 15 min and the pellet was suspended in PBS and subjected to centrifugation at 4000 × g for 15 min. The supernatant was removed and the pellets were re-suspended in 50 µL of PBS. The absorbance at 532 nm was obtained using a microplate reader (Synergy 2; BioTek).

The ß-1,3-glucosidases activity was also tested in the yeast strains.


## Results
Candida albicans and Candida parapsilosis were isolated from the blood of mice, and the isolate was identified using bioinformatic screening, and the results are summarized in Table . The virulence of the C. albicans isolate was similar to that of the wild-type strain (Fig 2A and B), and the attenuation of the C. parapsilosis isolate was found to be similar to that of the wild-type strain (Fig 2C and D). The attenuation of the C. parapsilosis isolate was found to be similar to that of the wild-type strain (Fig 2E and F). The virulence of the C. parapsilosis isolate was also similar to that of the wild-type strain (Fig 2D and G). The virulence of C. albicans was comparable to that of the wild-type strain (Fig 2H and I). In contrast, the attenuation of the C. parapsilosis isolate was similar to that of the wild-type strain (Fig 2J and K). The attenuation of C. albicans was found to be similar to that of the wild-type strain (Fig 2M and N). These results suggest that the C. parapsilosis isolate is more virulent than the wild-type strain in the murine model of systemic candidiasis, which may reflect a better ability to resist and control the bacterial growth.

The virulence of C. parapsilosis isolates with unique properties
We next assessed the virulence of C. parapsilosis isolates with unique properties. The virulence of all C. parapsilosis isolates tested was similar to that of the wild-type strain (Fig 3). Candida parapsilosis was the most virulent strain in this model, with a significant difference in virulence between the two strains (P<0.0001). The virulence of C. parapsilosis isolates with unique properties was also similar to that of the wild-type strain (Fig 4).

The virulence of C. parapsilosis isolates with unique properties
We next evaluated the virulence of all C. parapsilosis isolates using the murine model of systemic candidiasis. The virulence of all C.


## Discussion
This study also shows that for . neoformans, in vivo antifungal treatment with M.T. can be effective and lead to significant reduction of fungal burden. Moreover, the reduction in fungal burden in the lungs of mice treated with M.T. was rescued by addition of M.T. (29). In addition, C. neoformans used in our study was used to protect mice against M.T. infection in mice that were infected with a murine C. neoformans strain.

In the present study, we showed that the addition of M.T. to the C. neoformans strain rescued the fungal burden in lungs of mice and significantly reduced the fungal burden in the lungs of mice. Our results indicate that the presence of M.T. in C. neoformans strain C39g, a strain with a mutation in the AAD domain of ADP/AAD-1, is responsible for the fungal burden reduction observed in lungs of mice infected with this strain. Furthermore, we found that the antifungal therapy of M.T. is able to reduce the fungal burden in lungs of mice.

The effects of M.T. on human lung epithelial cells have been previously reported (57). In this study, we used C57BL/6 J774. A mouse model to test the efficacy of M.T. for the treatment of C. neoformans infection. Our results showed that M.T. reduced the fungal burden in the lungs of mice infected with this strain. However, we did not observe a significant reduction in the fungal burden in the lungs of mice infected with this strain. However, we found that M.T. treatment was able to reduce the fungal burden in the lungs of mice infected with C. neoformans strain C39g. In addition, we observed a significant reduction in the fungal burden in the lungs of mice infected with C39g. Therefore, we suggest that the C. neoformans strain C39g, which is known to produce a metabolically active metabolite of M.T. is able to reduce the fungal burden in lungs of mice.

Previous studies have demonstrated that in C. neoformans, the actin cytoskeleton plays a role in the adherence and invasive growth of the fungus (58). Although C.
