# Influence of Iron Regulation on the Metabolome of Cryptococcus neoformans
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
A search for novel antimicrobial compounds from the Antarctic mycobiota was undertaken to understand the origin of antimicrobial resistance in this ecosystem. From a single sample of marine amazonensis sp. nov., Antarctic microsclerotia (Spos 6) and two Antarctic herbarium (A6) were grown in a dark carbon-limited greenhouse under nitrogen-limiting conditions for 18 fungal strains. The bacterial strains were subjected to several different antimicrobial strategies, which were investigated for their similarities in biological behaviour, production of antimicrobial compounds and their structure-activity relationships. The most common antimicrobial compound was a beta-lactamase that represented 18.8% of the bacterial load and was produced in spos 6 as the sole carbon source. Their closest relative was a peptidyl ammonium donor, which was also present in A6 but was produced in Spos 6 as the only carbon source. Their closest relative was a cysteine donor, which was also present in A6 but was produced in Spos 6 as the only carbon source. Their antimicrobial synthetic products were mainly composed of a broad spectrum of two-component peptidylcholine, with only one component being a cytosolic a-glucanase. The antimicrobial compounds were produced from spos 6 as the only carbon source, and their chemical structures are unknown. The most abundant and characteristic of the Antarctic mycobiota was an analogue of spos 6 as a structural analogue of Antarctic a-glucanase. This study uncovers the contribution of spos 6 and A6 to the protection against antimicrobial agents and offers valuable information for future research on Antarctic mycobiota.


## Introduction
.


## Methods
 2013. The enzyme was incubated with 1 µM of the serotype B strain of Cryptococcus neoformans, which was cultured in brain-heart infusion (BHI) medium (1% w/v yeast extract, 2% w/v peptone, 2% w/v glucose, pH 5.5) at 37°C. After 24 h of incubation, the medium was aspirated and cells were harvested by centrifugation at 3,000 × g for 10 min. The supernatant was removed and the cells were lysed by vortexing with sterile distilled water (DMSO-d_6) and centrifuged (5,000 × g for 5 min). The supernatant was discarded and the cells were washed with 50 mM NH_4H_2PO_4 buffer (pH 6.8). The samples were lyzed with 50 mM NH_4H_2PO_4 buffer (pH 6.8) and the protein concentration was determined by the Bradford method (Bradford laboratories, Inc., MA, USA). The protein concentration was determined by the Bradford method using bovine serum albumin as standard.

CnCf (P-gp) and CnCf (C-mann) were detected in the macrophage monolayer using the method described previously (Zhou et al., 2013). The enzyme was incubated with 1 µM of the serotype A strain of Cryptococcus neoformans, which was cultured in BHI medium (1% w/v yeast extract, 2% w/v peptone, 2% w/v glucose, pH 5.5) at 37°C. After 24 h of incubation, the medium was aspirated and the cells were harvested by centrifugation at 3,000 × g for 10 min. The supernatant was removed and the cells were lyzed with 50 mM NH_4H_2PO_4 buffer (pH 6.8) and the proteins concentration was determined by the Bradford method (Bradford laboratories, Inc., MA, USA). The protein concentration was determined by the Bradford method using bovine serum albumin as standard.


## Results
However, regulation of iron acquisition has not been studied in Cryptococcu. In a previous study, the genomes of fungi containing transcripts for iron-related proteins and iron transporters were compared to the genomes of iron-deficient strains of C. neoformans. The iron-responsive genes were identified by a BLAST search against the genome sequence database of the S. cerevisiae iron-responsive gene set (http://www.broadinstitute.org/annotation/genome/cryptococcus_neoformans) using the S. cerevisiae iron-responsive gene set (http://www.broadinstitute.org/annotation/genome/cryptococcus_neoformans). The identification of the S. cerevisiae iron-responsive gene set was confirmed by Southern blot analysis (Figure 2). In addition, the genome of C. neoformans contains the gene encoding the mitochondrial iron-responsive transporter (MHT3), and the genome of C. neoformans contains the gene encoding the mitochondrial iron-responsive transporter (MHT1). In addition, the genes encoding the mitochondrial iron-responsive transporter (MHT3), the mitochondrial iron-responsive transporter (MHT1), and the mitochondrial iron-responsive transporter (MHT1) were identified in the genome of the C. neoformans strain H99, respectively. The complementation of H99 by a ferric iron-repressible H99 strain resulted in a significantly higher number of iron-responsive genes in H99 (Figure 2).

In a previous study, the genomes of the C. neoformans strains H99 and H99 were compared to the genomes of C. albicans and C. albicans, respectively [15]. The genomes of both C. neoformans and C. albicans showed similar transcriptomic changes in iron-replete and iron-starved conditions. In both studies, the strains were characterized by similar phenotypes, with H99 displaying high levels of iron acquisition. In contrast, in the C. neoformans and C. albicans strains, the iron-responsive genes were found to be highly variable and difficult to characterize. The H99 and H99 genomes were compared by a set of genetic and transcriptomic approaches, and in these comparisons, the H99 genome was compared with the C. neoformans and C. albicans genomes.


## Discussion
In the presence of Mg^2+, the citrate and mannitol contents of the cell were measured as a color change in the black color of the colony forming units (Fig 2B. The concentration of citrate and mannitol in the cell was measured as a color change in the black color of the colony forming units (Fig 2B). As a control, the citrate concentration was increased to 4 mM (Fig 2B). The citrate and mannitol contents in the cell were measured as a color change in the black color of the colony forming units (Fig 2B). The concentration of citrate and mannitol in the cell was increased to 4 mM (Fig 2B). The concentration of citrate and mannitol was increased to 4 mM (Fig 2B). The citrate and mannitol contents in the cell were increased to 4 mM (Fig 2B). The concentration of citrate and mannitol was increased to 4 mM (Fig 2B).

Copper was added to the culture medium to increase the copper content in the culture supernatants (Fig 2C). As a control, the copper concentration was increased to 1.0 mM (Fig 2C). The copper content in the culture supernatants was increased to 0.1 mM. The copper concentration in the culture supernatants was increased to 1.0 mM (Fig 2C). The copper concentration in the culture supernatants was increased to 0.1 mM (Fig 2C). The copper content in the culture supernatants was increased to 0.1 mM (Fig 2C). The copper concentration in the culture supernatants was increased to 1.0 mM (Fig 2C). The copper concentration in the culture supernatants was increased to 0.1 mM (Fig 2C). The copper concentration in the culture supernatants was increased to 0.1 mM (Fig 2C). The copper concentration in the culture supernatants was increased to 1.0 mM (Fig 2C).

In the presence of copper, the cultures of all of the strains increased the copper concentration to 1.0 mM (Fig 2D). The cultures of all of the strains increased the copper concentration to 1.0 mM (Fig 2D). The cultures of all of the strains increased the copper concentration to 1.
