# Inhibition of Paracoccidioides lutzii and Paracoccidioides aryi for anticancer activity by inhibitors of activity and oxidative stress
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
This study investigated the potential of the silkworm larval silk microbiome for control of malaria parasites and for the study of novel antibiotics against malaria parasites. Silkworm larvae were inoculated in silkworms which had been incubated for 7 days before incubation with either Streptomyces punctatus DMZ or Mycopaximum bahlulina (MbM) for 5 days. Silkworm larvae were also treated with antimalarial drugs, and larvae survived for up to 7 days. Silkworm larvae infected with Streptomyces sp. showed the presence of a complex silk microbiome, comprising of members of the phyla Sps, Spsgs and Spgsb, that can be associated with both the pathogenesis (i.e. bacterial, viral, and fungal) and virulence (i.e. virulence-associated traits). Silkworm larvae infected with M.


## Introduction
The fungal kingdom is vast and consists of many taxa, including fungi that have been isolated from environmental conditions, plant pathogens, human pathogens, and animals. It also contains a large number of non-pathogenic and pathogenic fungi that are mainly composed of relatively harmless saprophytes. These fungi are classified into two orders, order: a- and ß-virulent species, and can cause disease in animals, plants and insects. The ß- and a-virulent orders have been found in the fungal phyla of Dothideomycetes, Dothideales, and Euascomycetes, respectively. Species in these two orders are responsible for a variety of diseases that can affect humans and animals, including fungal keratitis, allergic contact dermatitis, systemic infections, and invasive mycoses. The major groups include the skin diseases: atopic eczema, pityriasis versicolor, pityrosporum, ocular infections, superficial keratitis, and superficial thrush. The human pathogen Cryptococcus neoformans is a leading cause of fungal keratitis, which is estimated to cause more than 600,000 patients annually in the United States alone.

The genus Cryptococcus is comprised of more than 20 species, but only a few species are pathogenic to humans. It causes disease in immunocompromised patients, particularly in AIDS patients, those with periodontitis, and those with cancer undergoing chemotherapy. Although Cryptococcus neoformans can be isolated from the environment, it is most commonly found in soil, animal or plant material, especially soil contaminated by bird droppings [1].


## Methods
The two methods were compared by determining the IC50 valu.

Time-kill curve method
The time-kill curve method was used to determine the viability of the test compound for killing Paracoccidioides lutzii. The cells were grown in RPMI 1640 medium at 37°C for 24 h. Then, the medium was removed and the cells were treated with 25 mM HEPES, pH 7.0, and 0.1% Triton X-100. Then, the medium was aspirated and the supernatant was removed. The cells were washed twice with PBS and the viability of the treated cells was determined by measuring the optical density at 570 nm. The IC50 value was calculated as the percentage of viable cells (cells treated with inhibitor) to the total number of viable cells that were used in the assay.

4.5. Biofilm and A549 Cell Cultures
The biofilm and A549 cell cultures were performed as described previously [14] with modifications. The biofilm was cultured in a 96-well plate at 37°C in a 5% CO_2 incubator. The biofilm was washed with PBS and the biofilm was added to the wells of a 96-well plate. The microtiter plates were then incubated at 37°C for 24 h. Then, the biofilm was washed with PBS and the biofilm was treated with 25 mM HEPES, pH 7.0, and 0.1% Triton X-100. The biofilm was stained with 150 µl of 2% crystal violet for 10 min. Then, the stained biofilm was washed with PBS and the absorbance at 570 nm was measured. The A549 cell culture supernatant was used as the positive control. The A549 cell culture was also used as a positive control.

4.6. Biofilm and C. albicans Cell Cultures
The biofilm and C. albicans cell cultures were performed as described previously [20]. The biofilm was cultured in a 96-well plate at 37°C in a 5% CO_2 incubator. The biofilm was treated with 25 mM HEPES, pH 7.0, and 0.


## Results
neoformans [6. However, in order to identify the inhibitors of Paracoccidioides lutzii for anticancer activity, the interaction of Paracoccidioides lutzii with the LPS-fungicide-induced cell wall damage pathway was established by SDS-PAGE analysis (Fig 4A). As shown in Fig 4A, the Paracoccidioides lutzii were able to damage the LPS-induced cell wall. In contrast, the inhibition of the LPS-induced cell wall damage pathway did not result in a significant loss of resistance to Paracoccidioides lutzii when compared with the inhibition of the LPS-induced cell wall damage pathway (Fig 4A). In contrast, the inhibition of the LPS-induced cell wall damage pathway resulted in a significant loss of resistance to Paracoccidioides lutzii when compared with the inhibition of the LPS-induced cell wall damage pathway (Fig 4A). Taken together, these results indicate that inhibition of LPS-induced cell wall damage pathway is a potential mechanism by which Paracoccidioides lutzii can inhibit C. neoformans virulence.

Effect of Paracoccidioides lutzii on the growth of Candida albicans in vitro
To examine whether inhibition of LPS-induced cell wall damage pathway was a possible mechanism by which Paracoccidioides lutzii could inhibit C. neoformans virulence, the fungal growth was evaluated by the colony forming unit (CFU) assay. As shown in Fig 5, the susceptibility of the Candida albicans cells to Paracoccidioides lutzii was reduced to 50%, while the CFU of C. neoformans was higher than that of C. neoformans when the fungus was incubated with the drug (Fig 5).

In the murine model of infection, Candida albicans is a pathogen that causes various infections including cerebral abscess, disseminated candidiasis, and disseminated pulmonary aspergillosis. The clinical manifestations of Candida albicans are caused by a variety of infections, such as disseminated candidiasis, disseminated candidiasis, and disseminated pulmonary aspergillosis [26-28]. The susceptibility of C.


## Discussion
The goal of this study was to develop a protocol to identify and sequence the most essential human fungal pathogen and to identify the best way to use the fungal sequencing data for the identification and sequence of pathogenic fungi in humans. We also developed a flow-based approach to identify fungal genes and putatively target the most important virulence determinants of C. albicans in humans. We found that the C. albicans core gene pool (CALC) and the core gene pool (CxG) contributed to the virulence of C. albicans and the genes that are essential for virulence are conserved in all species in this study. The genes that are essential for virulence are conserved in all species except C. albicans, which is a non-pathogenic species. The core gene pool and core gene pool were expressed at a high level in C. albicans and were predicted to be active in C. albicans, but not in other non-pathogenic fungal species. A total of 8 core genes were identified in C. albicans, including genes encoding for heme-thiolase, an iron transporter, a chitin-binding protein, and the gene encoding a transcription factor, which is required for the detoxification of iron-sulfur clusters. This result indicated that core genes are involved in the detoxification of iron-sulfur clusters. We also found that the core genes were involved in the regulation of the biosynthesis of amino acids, amino acid and nucleic acid. The biosynthesis of amino acids and nucleic acid is required for fungal virulence in both humans and animals.
