# Initiation of Inositol Secretion by Bicarbonate as an Inositol Transport Mechanism in Candida albicans Infections
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The plant-pathogenic fungus Fusarium fujikuroi is an invasive dimorphic fungus that causes wilt and root rot in major Japanese cities. Fusarium has a broad host range that includes many types of fumigations, such as cherry bloll, conventionally occurring co-habitants, and pathogens. In this study, we investigated the pathogenicity of F. fujikuroi in a niche model by comparing the virulence of F. fujikuroi strains isolated from different geographic regions.


## Introduction

Inositol is essential for proper cellular functions, and, in turn, it plays important roles in energy metabolism, cell metabolism, signal transduction, and apoptosis [19-22. Inositol is also required for the survival of the microorganism in low concentrations and in high concentrations of energy, as well as for a long-term survival in high concentrations [23]. Inositol can be used as a carbon source for bacteria, fungi, and higher organisms, and it can be added to plants to provide photosynthetically abundant compounds for photochemical reactions [24]. More importantly, the formation of Inositol-containing compounds has been demonstrated for Inositol phosphorylceramide (IPC) and Inositol-containing monoterpenes [25].

Inositol is also useful for the synthesis of bioactive molecules such as polyhydroxyalkanoates and deoxycholate aminoglucosides, which are used for the treatment of inflammatory diseases and for the control of inflammation in animal models [26]. It is also used as a nutrient for plants, insects, and microorganisms, as it is rich in sugars and lactones [27]. Moreover, Inositol is also found in the exudates of various fungi and yeasts, and it is present in the microorganisms of the endophytic state.

The discovery of the ability of Candida albicans to adhere to and invade epithelial cells and the role of endothelial cells in this process has raised the issue of the potential use of bioactive compounds in the treatment of candidiasis [28]. Therefore, it has been suggested that bioactive compounds may be used as therapeutic agents against Candida infections and other fungal diseases.

Based on the fact that inositol is a very high concentration in the solution of Candida infections and as a source of energy, bioactive compounds should be explored in this context. In this context, inositol has been investigated for several decades as an energy source, and the conditions under which it is synthesized are very different from those under aerobic conditions. Inositol is synthesized in aerobic microorganisms, such as gram-positive bacteria, and its biosynthesis is aerobic. This process can be optimized to yield high amounts of energy, because the energy used in the synthesis process is proportional to the rate at which the enzyme is active [29, 30].


## Methods
The cells were collected by centrifugation (8000× g, 5 min) and washed twice with PBS, and resuspended in RPMI-1640 medium (Invitrogen, Carlsbad, CA, USA) containing 10% FBS, 1% penicillin-streptomycin, and 100 U/mL penicillin-streptomyci. The cells were cultured at 37 °C with shaking. A Bicarbonate-treated culture (100 µg/mL) was used as a positive control. The cell suspensions were then incubated with 0.1% Bicarbonate solution (control) in the presence of 0.1% Bicarbonate solution (Bicarbonate-treated culture) in the absence of Bicarbonate. The number of yeast cells in each well was determined by using a hemocytometer.

The Bicarbonate-treated Candida albicans culture was treated with Bicarbonate (0.1%) for 4 h at 37 °C. The Bicarbonate-treated Candida albicans culture was treated with 0.1% Bicarbonate solution (control) for 4 h at 37 °C. The Bicarbonate-treated Candida albicans culture was treated with 0.1% Bicarbonate solution (control) for 4 h at 37 °C. The Bicarbonate-treated Candida albicans culture was treated with 0.1% Bicarbonate solution (control) in the presence of 0.1% Bicarbonate solution (Bicarbonate-treated culture) in the presence of 0.1% Bicarbonate solution (Bicarbonate-treated culture) in the absence of Bicarbonate. The number of yeast cells in each well was determined by using a hemocytometer.

The Bicarbonate-treated Candida albicans culture was treated with 0.1% Bicarbonate solution (control) in the presence of 0.1% Bicarbonate solution (Bicarbonate-treated culture) in the absence of Bicarbonate. The Bicarbonate-treated Candida albicans culture was treated with 0.


## Results
In this study we wanted to determine if the inositol transport mechanism was conserved between the two specie. We hypothesized that the inositol transport mechanism may play a role in the pathogenesis of the yeast inositol transporter (Fig 4). To test this hypothesis, we performed a experiment by pretreating blood monocytes with propionate. We first pretreated blood monocytes with propionate and then monitored the expression of the S. cerevisiae inositol transporter gene, pcpA (Fig 4). The pcpA gene was upregulated in response to the inositol and was upregulated in response to propionate. Inositol transport and transport of propionate, and the inositol and propionate transport, are key steps in the pathogenesis of fungal infection in humans (28). We found that the expression of pcpA in response to propionate was significantly increased in response to inositol, compared to inositol or inositol or propionate. It was significantly upregulated in response to inositol or inositol, compared to inositol or inositol or inositol or inositol or inositol or propionate. Inositol and propionate are also the primary precursors of the inositol transport pathway.

Inositol Secretion by Bicarbonate as an Inositol Transport Mechanism in Candida albicans Infections
To further explore the mechanism of inositol transport, we constructed a Bicarbonate-activated S. cerevisiae strain, BcSOT, in which the inositol transport and inositol and inositate transporters were deleted. The BcSOT strain was verified by PCR, and the transformation efficiency was found to be 100% (Fig 5A). The BcSOT strain was then tested for its inositol and propionate transport and their expression levels. The results showed that inositol and propionate were strongly induced in response to inositol, whereas inositol and inositol and inositate were only moderately induced by propionate. The expression levels of both proteins were found to be similar in both strains (Fig 5B).


## Discussion
As an example, one study revealed that MP is involved in the inositol-3-phosphate-phosphatase (IP3P-MP) pathway in Candida albicans infections [26. In the present study, the IC_50 of MP for inositol and inositol-3-phosphate-phosphatase (IP3P-MP) was calculated in the plasma membrane, as shown in Figure 2. The IC_50 value of MP for inositol-3-phosphate-phosphatase (IP3P-MP) in the plasma membrane of C. albicans was estimated as <IC_50 of MP for inositol-3-phosphate-phosphatase (IP3P-MP) (IC_50 = 20.58, 95% confidence interval [CI_50] = 0.54, -0.71) using the literature data. The IC_50 value of MP for cytoplasmic MP in the present study was thus also high (IC_50 = -0.95, 95% CI = - 0.69-0.95) for inositol-3-phosphate-phosphatase (IP3P-MP) (IC_50 = 22.16, 95% CI = - 0.98, -0.90) in Candida albicans infections [26]. The IC_50 value of MP for the cytoplasmic MP of C. albicans was therefore around -0.64 in the present study. The IC_50 value of MP for the cytoplasmic MP of C. albicans was thus close to -0.70 in the present study.

The results of the present study revealed that the IC_50 value of MP for both cytoplasmic and nuclear MP in the present study was between -0.44 and -0.54 for the inositol-3-phosphate-phosphatase (IP3P-MP), respectively. The IC_50 value of MP for the nuclear MP was thus close to -0.71.
