# Interactions between Autophagy and Bacterial Siderophore Activity
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The plant-pathogenic fungus Fusarium oxysporum f. sp. conglobata causes several diseases of barley, whose symptoms are similar to those of other diseases of barley. Fusarium spp. are the causal agents of disease in the wheat-pinto hybrid system. The aim of this study was to characterize the gene expression profiles of F. oxysporum f. sp. conglobata grown in the presence of a soluble alternative protein cAMP and investigate their contribution to resistance to Fusarium oxysporum infections. The expression of several key components of the cAMP pathway was analyzed by real-time PCR and to explore the role of cAMP signaling pathway components in resistance to F. oxysporum infection. Our results indicated that a- and ß-isoforms in f. oxysporum f. sp. conglobata, but not in other fungal species, were up-regulated. Expression of the cAMP-PKA-GTPase PKA was confirmed by western blotting. The expression of the a-, ß-, and <U+03B3>-PKA transcription factors was up-regulated in these cells. The PKA pathway was also up-regulated in these cells. The results indicated that cAMP-PKA was not only involved in the regulation of growth and virulence but also involved in the different developmental stages of Fusarium oxysporum f. sp. conglobata. This work was also confirmed by a-isoform screening by PCR. This is the first report on the expression of the cAMP pathway in F. oxysporum f. sp. conglobata and may provide an opportunity for developing novel antifungal drugs against Fusarium oxysporum f. sp. conglobata.


## Introduction
A number of autophagy-related genes (ATG genes, DEADS proteins, DEADLY proteins, DEADLY glycosaminic proteins, DEADLY myeloid endo-autophagy proteins) have been identified in bacteria and fungi (47-50. Atg8, for example, is a potential candidate for treatment of bacterial diarrhea and is expressed in multiple forms of intestinal epithelial cells, including epithelial and endothelial cells (50). Atg8 is expressed in the gastro-intestinal tract, where it is involved in the formation of granulomas, which can lead to intestinal disorders (50, 51). Another Atg8 ortholog, Atg7, has been identified in Aspergillus fumigatus (52). The Atg8 gene is involved in the formation of Atg8, a myeloid vacuole. Atg8 is expressed in the gastro-intestinal tract, where it is involved in the formation of granulomas, which can lead to intestinal disorders (52). Another Atg4 ortholog, Atg3, has been identified in Cryptococcus neoformans (53). Atg4 is involved in the formation of granulomas, which can lead to intestinal disorders (53). Another Atg7 ortholog, Atg4, has been identified in the human pathogen C. neoformans (53). In addition, Atg7 is a potential candidate for treatment of intestinal inflammation caused by inflammatory bowel disease (53). Furthermore, the potential use of autophagy inhibitors for experimental autoimmune diseases has been recently reviewed (54).

Autophagy is evolutionarily conserved. It is also known to be involved in cell-cell communication, metabolic pathways, cell proliferation, cell differentiation, and immunological processes (55). Autophagy is also known to contribute to the overall maintenance of cell integrity and function in the intestine and the intestine, and in specific aspects, such as cell proliferation, cytokinesis, mucosal permeability, and the recruitment of immune cells (55). The mechanisms by which autophagy is activated, and the factors that determine the direction and speed of autophagic reactions are still unclear.

B-cell autophagy is a nonlytic process that occurs via non-enzymatic means.


## Methods
The culture medium of the “Secretory” strain was composed of (i) .2% glucose, (ii) 0.1% peptone, (iii) 0.1% yeast nitrogen base without ammonium sulfate (YNB), (iv) 0.5% yeast extract, (v) 0.5% BSA, (vi) 2% agar and (vii) 1% glycerol. The cultivation medium was composed of (i) 0.2% glucose, (ii) 0.1% peptone, (iii) 0.1% yeast nitrogen base without ammonium sulfate (YNB), (iv) 0.5% yeast nitrogen base without ammonium sulfate (YNB), (v) 1% glycerol, and (vi) 0.5% yeast nitrogen base without ammonium sulfate (YNB). The cultivation medium was composed of (i) 0.2% glucose, (ii) 0.1% peptone, (iii) 0.1% yeast nitrogen base without ammonium sulfate (YNB), (iv) 0.5% yeast nitrogen base without ammonium sulfate (YNB), (v) 0.5% glycerol, and (vi) 0.5% yeast nitrogen base without ammonium sulfate (YNB). The cultivation medium was composed of (i) 0.2% glucose, (ii) 0.1% peptone, (iii) 0.1% yeast nitrogen base without ammonium sulfate (YNB), (iv) 0.5% yeast nitrogen base without ammonium sulfate (YNB), (v) 0.5% yeast nitrogen base without ammonium sulfate (YNB), and (vi) 0.5% yeast nitrogen base without ammonium sulfate (YNB). The cultivation medium was composed of (i) 0.2% glucose, (ii) 0.1% peptone, (iii) 0.1% yeast nitrogen base without ammonium sulfate (YNB), (v) 0.5% yeast nitrogen base without ammonium sulfate (YNB), (vi) 0.


## Results
This is a well-characterized BGC-MB1 homolog of . bassiana BdDg, which is also known to produce autophagic complex (Li et al., 2015). B. bassiana BdDg is not only well characterized to produce autophagic complex (Li et al., 2015) but also to bind iron and its monomer is known to be involved in BGC-BAC-induced DNA damage (Li et al., 2010). In addition, it was recently shown that B. bassiana BdBAC is a BGC-binding protein (Li et al., 2015).

In order to gain further insights into the molecular mechanisms of autophagy-mediated iron acquisition in B. bassiana, we next characterized the BGC-localized autophagy-associated protein BGC-MB1. B. bassiana BdMB1 is known to contain an ortholog of the BGC-binding protein B. bassiana BdDg. We found that B. bassiana BdBAC orthologs of B. bassiana BdDg are well-characterized and homologous to B. bassiana BdDg. B. bassiana BdBAC is a well-characterized BGC-binding protein with an open reading frame (ORF) of 2.0 (Li et al., 2015). B. bassiana BdMB1 contains a large polypeptide of 50-70 amino acids with a His-tag and a conserved WD-40 His-repeat domain. B. bassiana BdMB1 is also well characterized to bind iron and its monomer, which is known to be involved in BGC-BAC-induced DNA damage (Li et al., 2015). We next characterized the BGC-localized autophagy-associated protein BGC-MB1. B. bassiana BdMB1 is also well-characterized and homologous to B. bassiana BdDg. B. bassiana BdBAC is a well-characterized BGC-binding protein with an ORF of 2.5 (Li et al., 2015). B.


## Discussion
coli and . aureus cells treated with ICLU showed significant increase in autophagy activity, accompanied by decreased secretion of exogenous autophagy-associated proteins. Moreover, the levels of Bacteroides and Mycobacterium tuberculosis-associated proteins in autophagosomes of E. coli and S. aureus cells were significantly decreased. Interestingly, the levels of the two mycobacterial phage protein, alpha-glucosidase 1 and gliotoxin, were increased in the autophagosome of E. coli and S. aureus cells. These findings demonstrated that autophagy and the secretion of autophagy-associated proteins are linked by the Bacteroides-Mycobacterium complex.

It has been reported that several mycobacteria, including Bifidobacterium and Proteobacteria, produce a variety of extracellular matrix proteins (ECPs), including ECPs, to aid in the extracellular matrix-fungal interaction [45, 46]. ECPs are secreted by the bacteria in their extracellular spaces and act to form the EPS structures [47]. ECPs are classified into three types: ECPs-binding proteins, ECPs-binding proteins, and ECPs-amyloid proteins [48]. ECPs are secreted from the extracellular spaces of bacteria and fungi, and are expressed in the extracellular spaces of eukaryotic cells [49]. ECPs are involved in the degradation of organic and inorganic nutrients, including proteins, lipids, and lipoproteins [50]. ECPs are present in the extracellular spaces of fungi, bacteria, and other microorganisms, including A. fumigatus and Candida albicans [51]. ECPs are formed when bacteria are exposed to a variety of stress conditions [52]. ECPs are induced by fungal pathogens, such as S. aureus, Histoplasma capsulatum, and Cryptococcus neoformans, and are involved in the formation of biofilm-like structures and pathogenicity of A. fumigatus [53]. ECPs are expressed in the extracellular spaces of fungi and bacteria [54]. ECPs are induced by several fungal pathogens, including Cryptococcus neoformans, Candida albicans, and Histoplasma capsulatum [55].
