# Interactions between Macroalgae and Their Beneficial Chiles: A Review
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The pathogens of brucellosis have several virulence factors, and the development of new antifungal drugs is a major concern. Antimicrobial peptides are promising candidates because they promise rapid development of resistance and long-term durability, while reducing the cost of antifungal drugs. The emergence of multidrug resistant strains of braziliensis, the causal agent of brucellosis, is a significant global health problem. Antimicrobial peptides are promising candidates because they come from different sources and have different physico-chemical properties. This review will focus on the development of antimicrobial peptides from different sources, their physicochemical properties, antimicrobial activity and further structure analysis and evaluation.


## Introduction
Aspergillus fumigatus is an ubiquitous and important airborne fungal pathogen that causes life-threatening invasive aspergillosis, an infection that can be acquired from the environment and hospital patients [1,2]. Because of the high resistance of this fungal to the available antifungal agents, the mortality rate of A. fumigatus is high [3,4]. It is also associated with high mortality rates due to adverse drug reactions (ADRs) and high MIC values [5].


## Methods
The macroalgae species were identified based on their interactions with the beneficial chiles at the end of the Mycobacterium lineages, and the more recent lineages were selected based on their interactions with the dark green fungi at the end of the Mycobacterium lineage. For the purposes of this analysis, the species were considered as Macroalgae if they were active and used to represent the Basidiomycetes and Basidiomycetes, but not as Basidiomycetes if they were not active and used to represent the Basidiomycetes and Basidiomycetes. The following criteria were used to identify the species: (i) the presence of a defined group of non-target organisms; (ii) presence of at least two members of a specific group; (iii) the presence of two or more non-target organisms, that is, two or more non-target organisms that have been identified as important in the formation of the antimicrobial zone. For each species, the non-target organisms were excluded.

The species were classified into three subclasses based on the combination of the following criteria: (i) non-target organisms (i.e., subclasses B and C, T, and A) in a given genus; (ii) sub-classes B and C, T, and A; (iii) those that are completely dependent on the fungal species in a given genus; and (iv) those that are sub-classes B and C in a given genus.


## Results
albicans (Liu et a., 2011). In this study, a total of 37 macroalgae species were identified, including 11 species of Aspergillus and 14 Aspergillus-like species (Supplementary Information S1). The phylogenetic analysis was based on the RAxML and Bayesian analyses (Supplementary Information S2). The phylogenetic trees constructed from the complete alignment of the fungal sequences from the 20 most abundant fungal phyla (Supplementary Information S3) and the 13 most abundant fungal genera (Supplementary Information S3) were constructed by using a parsimony analysis method (Supplementary Information S4). The analysis of the concatenated concatenated data matrix revealed that the fungal species were phylogenetically most closely related to the fungal genera, whereas the fungal species were highly divergent, as the fungal genera were divided into six clades. Clade I was sister to the clade II clade of Aspergillus (Figure 2). The Aspergillus-like fungi were the most basal fungi in the tree, but the most basal species in the tree was represented by a basal species, Aspergillus fumis (Figure 3). The Aspergillus-like fungi were divided into six clades. Clade II was sister to the clade I clade of Aspergillus (Figure 4). The Aspergillus-like fungi were divided into six clades. Clade II was sister to the clade II clade of Aspergillus (Figure 5). The Aspergillus-like fungi were divided into six clades. Clade II was sister to the clade I clade of Aspergillus (Figure 6). The fungal species were divided into six clades. Clade II was sister to the clade I clade of Aspergillus (Figure 7). The Aspergillus-like fungi were divided into six clades. Clade II was sister to the clade I clade of Aspergillus (Figure 8). The Aspergillus-like fungi were divided into six clades. Clade II was sister to the clade I clade of Aspergillus (Figure 9).


## Discussion
In this study, we performed a comparative analysis of the differences in the fungal communities in the soil microsites between two subtropical areas, the Mozambique, and Mozambique-Tubay National Par. We found that the abundance of fungi from the genus Macromoassoides increased significantly in the two subtropical areas, from 1.3% in Mozambique to 3.4% in TUBAY. This result suggested that the fungi in the genus Macromoassoides were able to grow in these soils, and were of beneficial origin. On the other hand, the abundance of fungal OTUs increased significantly in the TUBAY soil, while the abundance of fungi from the other subtropical areas decreased significantly. The results indicated that the fungal community structure was highly influenced by the soil type, especially in the TUBAY soil. This result suggested that the fungus abundance in the TUBAY soil was associated with the soil type, and was different from the abundance in the TUBAY soil. This result indicated that fungal communities were highly influenced by the soil type, and were of beneficial origin.

Nitrogen Balance is a Major Deterioration Factor in the Subsearcheology
Despite the large-scale fungal community changes observed in the TUBAY soil, the total nitrogen content decreased significantly in the soil samples in the two subtropical areas. The total nitrogen content of the soil samples decreased by 16.4% (P = 0.05). The overall nitrite content in the soil samples decreased by 10.0% (P = 0.01), and the total nitrogen content of the soil samples decreased by 1.2% (P = 0.02). The total nitrogen content of the soil samples increased by 2.2% (P = 0.05), and the total nitrogen content of the soil samples decreased by 3.1% (P = 0.04). The total nitrogen content in the soil samples was 4.6 times higher than that of the soil samples in the two subtropical areas, which was 14.3 times higher than that of the soil samples in the two subtropical areas. The total nitrogen content of the soil samples decreased by 15.
