# Introns as Gene Regulators: A Brick on A Frayer?
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The genome sequences of more than 2600 genomes from 51 species have been assembled and sequenced for the first time. The assembled genome assemblies contain 12,242 predicted protein coding genes, with an additional 2,646 genes encoding proteins with unknown functions. These results suggest the complexity of the genome annotation will be more prominent in the next generation of genome sequences. In addition to the coding genes, we have identified many more genes that are not shared with animals and fungi, or are absent from the animal kingdom. The first proposal to use the genome as a template for the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae was based on the analysis of the catalytic subunits of catalase and antiglomerase. These enzymes catalyze the catalytic subunits of catalase and antiglomerase to form methanol hexamers, which are used as an alternative carbon source to break down plant and fungal carbohydrates. In this study, we have revised these ideas and compared their expression in the Saccharomycotina. We also studied the features of antiglomerase and methanol binding to create compact, hexamers of interest. These results suggest that the yeast-like cellulose, galactoxylomannan (GM) and polyketide synthase (PKS) genes are probably responsible for the expansion of GM and PKS gene families to the intron-rich intron-rich genome. In addition to the examples of yeast-like cellulose and methanol binding, we have also highlighted the participation of methanol in the binding of glycoproteins, building blocks of proteins of interest. The comparison of the genomes of yeast-like GM and PKS genes with those of yeast encoded proteins highlighted the common features of these genomes, namely, a high content of subtelomeric and oligolimorphic domains, and a common set of 75 nonsubstantiation sites. We propose that the yeast-like cellulose, methanol and methanol-rich intron-rich genome assemblies reflect the lifestyle of the species and highlight the ability of fungal species to grow on both GM and PKS substrates.

The genomes of 26 fungal species contain 2, 242 genes, of which 1 is present in the filamentous ascomycete Neurospora crassa.


## Introduction
It has been proposed that Caenorhabditis cells have a common morphology similar to the vertebrate immune syste. It is thus possible to characterize the behaviour of Caenorhabditis cells using Caenorhabditis cells as an alternative model system. The model has been proposed that Caenorhabditis cells are mainly composed of macrophages and dendritic cells (DC) that express the G-protein coupled receptor Dectin-1 and regulate the process of macrophage engulfment by the parasite. The receptor is highly expressed by all cells of the parasite and binds to the Caenorhabditis cell surface and is known to have a role in nematode-parasitic interactions (Kneipp et al., 2004; Barreto et al., 2011). Interestingly, the receptor has a distinct role in the nematode and the parasite. For example, the receptor is involved in the binding of Dectin-1 to the parasite cell membrane, and in particular the interaction with macrophages (Bartoszewska et al., 2006). In addition, the receptor was shown to act as a cell-surface receptor to regulate the interaction between the receptor and macrophages (Gong et al., 2007).

Although a number of studies have investigated the role of Caenorhabditis cells in the host-parasite interaction, the mechanisms that govern this interaction are poorly understood. The most studied mechanism of host-parasite interaction is through the interaction of the Caenorhabditis cells with the endocytic and pericytes. In this interaction, the endocytic organelle is able to transport molecules such as toxins, hydrophobins, and proteins. Endocytic organelle uptake and transport is a fundamental mechanism of both the parasitic and the host-parasite interaction (Lombard et al., 2012; Calderone et al., 2016). These mechanisms are not yet clearly understood. In the model organism, Saccharomyces cerevisiae, the response to the nematode Caenorhabditis posadasii is not yet clear and could be mediated by various mechanisms. However, the mechanism is known to be by the secretion of vesicle-associated proteins.


## Methods
The AbrB gene replacement in AbrD was predicted by the AbrB gene prediction software [40] and the AbrB gene replacement in AbrE was predicted by the AbrB gene prediction software [41. The structure of the plasmid pJAF2 was predicted by the structure of the AbrB gene prediction software [40] and the AbrB gene replacement in AbrB was predicted by the AbrB gene prediction software [41].

2.4. Phylogenetic Analysis
The sequences of AbrB and AbrD were retrieved from GenBank and aligned using Clustal X [42] and were concatenated with the sequences of AbrB and AbrD (Fig 1). The phylogenetic analyses were performed by Maximum-likelihood analysis of the concatenated phylogenetic trees using MEGA 5.0 software [43].

2.5. Nucleotide Sequence Analysis
The nucleotide sequences of AbrB and AbrD were aligned using MEGA5.0 software [43]. The alignments were manually corrected with Bioedit 7.0.5 software (http://www.mbio.ncsu.edu/BioEdit/bioedit.html). The phylogenetic trees of AbrB and AbrD were constructed using maximum likelihood analysis of the concatenated phylogenetic trees using MEGA5.0 software [43].

2.6. Alignment and Phylogenetic Analysis
The alignments were manually corrected with Bioedit 7.0.5 software (http://www.mbio.ncsu.edu/Bioedit/bioedit.html). The phylogenetic trees of AbrB and AbrD were constructed using maximum likelihood analysis of the concatenated phylogenetic trees using MEGA5.0 software [43].

2.7. Maximum Parsimony Methods
Maximum parsimony (MP) methods were performed by the program PAUP* 5.0 [44]. The MP method was based on Bayesian inference of the best-fit evolutionary model using MrBayes 3.1.2 [45].


## Results
The first step in this pathway is to identify the genes that are most likely to be regulated in response to external stimul. A common approach is to identify genes that are potentially regulated in response to the biological environment. If a gene is identified as potentially regulated in response to a stimulus, a cluster of potential regulators (named a cluster) is created by a search of the clusters of potential regulators in the network using the BUSCO program. This analysis results in the identification of potential regulatory clusters that are likely to be regulated in response to external stimuli. This analysis then allows the validation of the idea that genes that are likely to be regulated in response to external stimuli might be regulated in response to the biological environment.

Several studies have shown that genes involved in the metabolic pathways of fungal pathogens, including the pathogenicity genes FKBP12, FKBP12a, FKBP12b, and FKBP12a, can be implicated in fungal pathogenicity [12,27,28]. However, the pathways that have been shown to be involved in fungal pathogenicity have not been identified yet. This is a likely reason for the lack of attention given to the potential involvement of FKBP12 in pathogenicity. To further evaluate the potential involvement of FKBP12 in the pathogenicity of Aspergillus niger, we used a yeast pathogen model of pathogenicity. The P. aeruginosa strain was used because of its pathogenicity ability to cause infection in mammalian hosts [29]. The P. aeruginosa strain was used to evaluate the pathogenicity of the fungus. A P. aeruginosa isolate was used because P. aeruginosa is the causative agent of fungal infections in humans and other mammals [30]. The P. aeruginosa isolate was used to evaluate the pathogenicity of the fungus. A P. aeruginosa isolate was used because of its pathogenicity ability to cause infection in human hosts [31]. The P. aeruginosa isolate was used because the fungus is the cause of human infection.

The P. aeruginosa isolate was used because the fungus is the cause of fungal infection in humans and other mammals. The P. aeruginosa isolate was used because the fungus is the cause of human infection.


## Discussion
tonsurans have been shown to encode a diverse set of biological functions, including genes involved in stress response, nutrient sensing and virulence (Gómez et a., 2014). Although, the composition of the C. albicans genome is similar to that of S. cerevisiae (Fujii et al., 2011), the enrichment of genes involved in sugar metabolism, biosynthesis of secondary metabolites and in stress response has been previously reported (Santos et al., 2016; Moraiti et al., 2016). The genomes of O. tonsurans and S. cerevisiae are similar in size (22.4 Mb vs. 24.1 Mb for S. cerevisiae and 24.4 Mb vs. 15.7 Mb for S. paradoxus), and a unique arrangement of the genes coding for different mechanisms of stress response have been reported in O. tonsurans (Okoro et al., 2014). The same pattern of gene expression has been observed in S. cerevisiae and S. paradoxus.

The second major feature of O. tonsurans is the presence of a fimbriate cystidion. This gene is present in S. cerevisiae (Gómez et al., 2014). The absence of this gene is also in contrast to the presence of a cystidial gene in the genomes of S. cerevisiae and S. paradoxus. In contrast to S. cerevisiae, S. paradoxus contains the cystidial gene. However, the genome of S. cerevisiae encodes only fimbriate cystidion and genes encoding a fimbriate cystidion have been reported (Kirk et al., 2006; Xu et al., 2015).

Another gene differentially expressed is the transcriptional factor Znf2. Znf2 was previously found to be involved in cell wall remodeling and remodeling, including remodeling of the cell wall by cell wall remodeling proteins (Hsieh et al., 2014). The Znf2 gene was first identified in S. cerevisiae (Okoro et al., 2014). In the genomes of S. cerevisiae and S.
