# Introns as Gene Regulators: Gene Loss and Proliferation
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
A 5-year-old boy was presented for acute, repeated neurological symptoms, atypical skin lesions, and hyporexia. Serum white blood cell count was elevated, and there was a significant increase in the serum CXCL1 and CXCL2 levels. A thorough investigation for multiple pathogens revealed the presence of Paracoccidioides brasiliensis in the routine blood tests, and a Paracoccidioides spp. DNA assay was done. On the fourth attempt, the result of the laboratory confirmation was reviewed on the basis of the results of the ELISA test on the same patient. The antifungal therapy was started on the fifth attempt. The patient improved. The patient had several repeated hospitalizations for various diseases. The patient was receiving tacrolimus and mycophenolate mofetil and corticosteroids. The patient had a vigorous and regular immune system. Immunodeficiency disorders were the commonest presentation.


## Introduction
Cryptococcal meningitis is a common opportunistic infection of the central nervous system and is the most common fungal disease in AIDS patients (WHO, 2017). Infection occurs by inhalation of contaminated dust or spores that reach the lungs and eventually cause meningoencephalitis, usually affecting the central nervous system and skin (Vega and Mbue, 2013; Klimes et al., 2018). The infection is usually asymptomatic and there are no specific symptoms; however, when the central nervous system is affected, the organism may be life-threatening.

The lung is the first organ to develop from the brain, and the importance of oxygenation in the development of the brain is clear. The brain is known as a sterile organ, and oxygen is needed for the proper functioning of the brain. However, oxygen availability in the brain may be disturbed by pathogens such as fungi and parasites.


## Methods
Subsequently, the LoxP gene was sub-cloned into pBluescript plasmid with the Mucor elongation factor 1-a gene to achieve a 3' end-to-end loxP gen. The resulting plasmid was sub-cloned into pBluescript plasmid with the Mucor elongation factor 1-a gene to achieve a 1.5' end-to-end loxP gene. The LoxP gene was sub-cloned into pBluescript plasmid with the Mucor elongation factor 1-a gene to achieve a 5' end-to-end loxP gene. The resulting plasmid was sub-cloned into pBluescript plasmid with the Mucor elongation factor 1-a gene to achieve a 5' end-to-end loxP gene. To detect loxP expression at the annealing end, the LoxP gene was sub-cloned into pBluescript plasmid with the Mucor elongation factor 1-a gene to achieve a 3' end-to-end loxP gene. Subsequently, the LoxP gene was sub-cloned into pBluescript plasmid with the Mucor elongation factor 1-a gene to achieve a 3' end-to-end loxP gene. The resulting plasmid was sub-cloned into pBluescript plasmid with the Mucor elongation factor 1-a gene to achieve a 5' end-to-end loxP gene. The resulting plasmid was sub-cloned into pBluescript plasmid with the Mucor elongation factor 1-a gene to achieve a 3' end-to-end loxP gene.


## Results
cerevisiae were recently shown to be linked to the virulence of . paradoxus [8,25]. We recently reported that S. cerevisiae virulence is linked to the accumulation of intracellular ROS in S. paradoxus by sensing intracellular ROS and producing ROS-mediated apoptosis in S. paradoxus-infected RAW 264.7 macrophages [8]. However, the accumulation of ROS-mediated ROS-producing ROS-induced ROS-generating ROS-resistant microsporidia in S. paradoxus-infected macrophages was not demonstrated in vitro. Our observation that in S. paradoxus-infected RAW 264.7 macrophages, ROS-producing ROS-producing ROS-producing ROS-resistant microsporidia were not produced by ROS-induced apoptosis in S. paradoxus-infected macrophages, further supports our model that ROS-mediated ROS-generating ROS-producing ROS-resistant microsporidia play a role in virulence in S. cerevisiae.

We next asked whether ROS-induced ROS-producing ROS-resistant microsporidia were able to grow in a culture system. As shown in Fig 5, ROS-producing ROS-producing ROS-producing ROS-resistant microsporidia were not detected in the culture media after 24 h of culture in the absence of oxidative stressor.


## Discussion
This gene duplication in Botrytis is associated with the early divergence of Botrytis and aspergilli and has been implicated in the early emergence of aspergillosis [52. The absence of such a gene in the ancestor of Botrytis and aspergilli suggests that the gene duplication event that occurred in the ancestor of Botrytis and aspergilli is not important for the divergence of Botrytis and aspergilli. In contrast, in the present study, two putative genes were identified as having no close relationship to a gene encoding a C. neoformans antifungal protein [53]. These two genes are known to be involved in cell wall biosynthesis [54]. In addition, the LTR1 gene of Botrytis is involved in cell wall degradation [55] and aspergillosis [56].

In the present study, several genes involved in lipid metabolism were identified in the genome of the strain CBS101. This is the first report of the presence of a C. neoformans lipid metabolism gene in a non-viable species. The occurrence of several lipid metabolism genes in the genome of C. neoformans is consistent with the literature that it is involved in the biosynthesis of bioactive compounds [57]. The presence of the lipid synthesis genes in C. neoformans strain CBS101 and the presence of a lipid biosynthesis gene in strain CBS13 suggests that the cell wall degrading enzymes are involved in the biosynthesis of other cell wall degrading compounds. However, the presence of a lipid biosynthesis gene in CBS13 does not imply that C. neoformans is a good source of biodegradation intermediates. The absence of a cell wall degrading enzyme in C. neoformans strain CBS13 does not exclude the possibility that cell wall degrading enzymes may be involved in the biosynthesis of other cell wall degrading compounds.

In addition to the gene duplication events, gene duplications and gene deletions, the gene duplication and gene deletion events also occurred in the ancestor of the Botrytis and aspergilli. The gene duplications are associated with the gene duplication events in the genomes of the B. cinerea and A.
