# Intracellular Fungal
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Marine sponges are a source of bioactive metabolites that have been identified as antifungal drugs. These include an isoquinoline derivative of the spongadine (Ad)-like substance, spongadine (SnQ), which has been reported to exhibit antifungal activity against a range of pathogenic fungi and has been shown to exhibit in vitro antifungal activity against species including the opportunistic fungal pathogen Candida albicans. The aim of this study was to evaluate the bioactivity of an isoquinoline derivative from Mucor circinelloides (Type IV) against clinical C. albicans isolates. The MIC values of the derivative were determined by the microdilution methods according to the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) terms of use. The results indicated that the MIC values of the derivative were between 0.2 and 3.0 µg/mL against both fluconazole and caspofungin-resistant Candida strains. The MICs of the derivative against Candida albicans were also 2- to 8-fold higher than against the reference drug caspofungin. The MICs of the derivative against Candida krusei were 8- to 12-fold higher than against the reference drug caspofungin. These data suggest that M. circinelloides has a good activity against C. albicans with respect to its in vitro antifungal activity and that its activity is related to the bioactivity of this natural compound.


## Introduction
. neoformans is found ubiquitously in the environment, especially in soil, and is able to grow on a wide variety of organic substrates, including, but not limited to, plants, animals, and humans (Dodd et al., 2016; Hawksworth and Hawksworth, 2015). C. neoformans is a major cause of life-threatening fungal infections in AIDS patients, including HIV-positive patients and organ transplant recipients (Ferguson, 2009; McDonald and Kohn, 2012; Menon and Menon, 2014).

C. neoformans has asexual cycle and a mating type locus is present in approximately 70% of the yeast isolates and a few other fungi. The mating type locus (MTL) of C. neoformans is a highly conserved gene with numerous variants and is linked to sexual/mating type identity (Gams and Menon, 2013; Menon et al., 2014). The MTLa locus is highly polymorphic and is expressed on the cell wall, mainly in the presence of polysaccharides (Dodd et al., 2016). The mating type locus of C. neoformans is highly polymorphic and most variants occur within and between synonymous allelic frequencies (Gams and Menon, 2013; Menon and Menon, 2014). The MTLa locus is highly conserved and has been identified in more than 200 different yeast species (Dodd et al., 2016).

In addition to sexual reproduction, there is a connection between the type species of interest and their type of infection (Scharf et al., 2015). C. neoformans has two types of mating type (a and a). C. neoformans mating type a and mating type a are defined by the presence of a and a mating types. In contrast to a and a mating types, the mating type a type is defined by the presence of a mating type [a mating type (MATa) or a mating type (MATa)]. The mating type a mating type is highly polymorphic and can be found in all environmental isolates (Kern, 2010). Thus, it is difficult to distinguish from the a mating type and a mating type in the environment.


## Methods
The fungal cells were grown in a concentration of 1 × 10^3 conidia/mL in 100 mL of LB broth (YPD, 4 g L^-1) for 24 h at 37 °. Then, the fungal growth was diluted to the appropriate concentration of 1 × 10^4 conidia/mL in 100 mL of LB broth and incubated at 37 °C for 24 h. The fungal growth in the absence of BSA was determined by measuring the optical density of the growth of the fungal colony with a spectrophotometer (BioTek, USA) at 530 nm. For the experiments, the fungal colony-forming unit (CFU) was defined as the number of fungal cells multiplied by the number of spores.

In order to compare the effect of fungal community on the growth of various fungal species in different culture media, the experiments were conducted on a substrate and substrate-based agar medium containing both bovine serum albumin and BSA (Sigma-Aldrich, USA). The fungal growth was determined by measuring the optical density of the fungal colony with a spectrophotometer at 530 nm. For the experiments, the fungal colony-forming unit (CFU) was defined as the number of fungal cells multiplied by the number of spores.

In order to compare the effect of fungal community on the growth of various fungal species in different culture media, the experiments were conducted on a substrate and substrate-based agar medium containing both bovine serum albumin and BSA (Sigma-Aldrich, USA). The fungal growth was determined by measuring the optical density of the fungal colony with a spectrophotometer at 530 nm. For the experiments, the fungal colony-forming unit (CFU) was defined as the number of fungal cells multiplied by the number of spores.


## Results
The relative abundance of fungal CFU was higher in the subcultures of the different fungal strains tested (Table 2. The relative abundance of the three representative strains was higher in the subcultures of the three representative strains than in the subcultures of the control strains. There were significant differences in the relative abundance of the three representative strains in the relative abundance of fungal CFU in the subcultures of the three representative strains (p<0.05) (Table 2). The relative abundance of the three representative strains in the subcultures of the three representative strains was significantly higher than the control strains in the subcultures of the three representative strains, and the relative abundance of the three representative strains was significantly higher in the subcultures of the three representative strains than in the subcultures of the control strains. The relative abundance of the three representative strains in the subcultures of the three representative strains was significantly higher than the control strains in the subcultures of the three representative strains, and the relative abundance of the three representative strains was significantly higher in the subcultures of the three representative strains than in the subcultures of the control strains. The relative abundance of the three representative strains in the subcultures of the three representative strains was significantly higher than the control strains in the subcultures of the three representative strains, and the relative abundance of the three representative strains was significantly higher in the subcultures of the three representative strains than in the subcultures of the control strains. The relative abundance of the three representative strains in the subcultures of the three representative strains were significantly higher than the control strains in the subcultures of the three representative strains, and the relative abundance of the three representative strains was significantly higher in the subcultures of the three representative strains than in the subcultures of the control strains.

The relative abundance of fungal CFU in the subcultures of the three representative strains was significantly higher than the control strains in the subcultures of the three representative strains, and the relative abundance of the three representative strains was significantly higher in the subcultures of the three representative strains than in the subcultures of the control strains.


## Discussion
Among these species, the ITS1 region was the most representative of fungi to dat. All the species in this study were grouped into two sub-groups, indicating that they are phylogenetically distinct species.

Fungi, mainly Saccharomycetales, were not detected in the present study. The ITS1 region is a unique region for fungi that are found in soil and water and was not detected in any of the studied fungi (including Saccharomycetales). ITS1 region is also the only region in this study with abundant sequence similarity to the ITS1 region of A. pullulans (11.6%). This suggests that fungi could be detected in the soil and water environments, or that fungi are not as abundant as they are in the present study.

The ITS region was highly representative of the phylotypes of filamentous ascomycetes, including the C. cinerea, C. deneoformans and C. famata. All the fungal phylotypes are closely related to the Candida albicans species, which are ubiquitous in nature, and are common in tropical and temperate regions [27]. Previous studies indicated that C. famata is the most common fungus in the studied soil environments [28], but no such studies were done for C. cinerea and C. deneoformans [29]. This indicates that the fungi are not as prevalent as the fungus in the present study.

Ascomycetous and Basidiomycetous yeasts were also detected in this study. These yeasts are among the most common yeasts that are found in the soil, water, and bird droppings. The fungal community in the present study was composed mainly of Ascomycetous yeasts. Most of the yeasts are Cryptococcus species, which are common in soil and water environments, but also occur in the environment. It is generally considered that Cryptococcus species are common in the environment, but Cryptococcus spp. are also common in bird droppings [30]. In this study, Cryptococcus laurentii was the most frequent yeast species. This yeast was found in soil samples and is frequently found in bird droppings [31].
