# Investigating the antimicrobial activity and cytotoxicity of autologous platelet-rich plasma from blood of serous patients*
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Cryptococcus gattii is the etiologic agent of the life-threatening fungal infection meningoencephalitis. Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection, in the context of cryptococcal meningoencephalitis, has become an accepted diagnostic and treatment choice for HIV-related cerebral cryptococcosis. The objective of this study was to determine the clinical and microbiological features of HIV-associated cryptococcal meningoencephalitis in patients admitted to Tianjin University Hospital (TUCH) from October 2017 to February 2018.

We retrospectively included 170 adult patients admitted to TUMCH between October 2017 and October 2018 who had not presented with clinical or microbiological conditions that were available during our hospital stay. Clinical and microbiological features were systematically reviewed and compared between those and 69 patients who presented with microbiological diagnoses.

We included 61 cases, 58 controls and 47 patients who had not presented with clinical or microbiological features. Cryptococcal meningoencephalitis was the most common clinical presentation (64.8%) in the group of meningoencephalitis and 10.2% in the group of AIDS-related Cryptococcus (6.4%). Cryptococcal meningoencephalitis was more frequently seen in the group of HIV-infected (78.5%) and AIDS-related (27.8%) compared to non-HIV related (P = 0.002). The incidence of Cryptococcus-related Cryptococcus disease (CD) was highest in the group of HIV-infected (5.6%). The spectrum of Cryptococcus disease in patients with CD and AIDS was similar, but the incidence of cryptococcosis in the group of HIV-infected was higher than that in the non-HIV-infected group (6.9%).

Cryptococcal meningoencephalitis is a life-threatening disease in China.


## Introduction
Aporoid microorganisms are characterized by a large diversity of structures, including polygalacturonoses (polygalacturonans) that are structurally unrelated to bacterial polygalacturonoses (Polygalacturonin-1, Polygalacturonoproteins) that are structurally unrelated to the bacterial polygalacturonoses. The polygalacturonoses are grouped into two major classes, those that are of antimicrobial and those that are anti-microbial. The antimicrobial class includes both the bacterium and the toxin, whereas the bacterium includes both the mycobacterium and the polygalacturonone. The antimicrobial polygalacturonoses are divided into three main classes: (i) Gram-negative (Gm), Gram-positive (Ng), and Mycobacterium and/or non-mycobacterium types (Mn), and (ii) Non-microbial polygalacturonoses. Each of the three main classes of antimicrobial polygalacturonoses contains different antimicrobial mechanisms, including a-galactopyranose, ß-(1,3)-D-galactopyranose, and p-galactofuranoside (Kojima et al., 2006). All of the above-mentioned bacterial polygalacturonoses are of a class that contains hydrophilic and hydrophobic residues, and their mechanisms of action are not specific to bacterial cells. Some of these polygalacturonoses are toxic to both the host and the bacterial cell, such as those in Gram-negative bacteria that kill the host cell. For instance, the bacterium-galacturonosylceramide (GalCer) and the fungus-galacturonosylceramides (GalCer) are two examples of Gram-negative polygalacturonoses that cause severe Gram-negative infections in immunocompromised patients. In Gram-positive bacteria, GalCer is often combined with p-GalCer to form a single molecule that can be used as a dolicholamine-carbohydrate, and this combination can be used as a bacterial and fungal polygalacturonosylceramides.


## Methods
The results of the studies conducted were presented in the medical literatur. The protocol for the interpretation of the data was approved by the Ethics Committee of the University Hospital of Marburg (Ethics Committee: 05/2013). The study was approved by the ethics committee of the University Hospital of Marburg (Ethics Committee: 05/2014). In brief, the experiment was performed in accordance with the “whole blood” blood culture, which was cultured on Sabouraud dextrose agar plates at 37°C for 24 h, at which time it was measured the standard deviation of the highest dilution of culture medium. In case of patients with suspected CNS infection, the culture medium was not cultured on Sabouraud dextrose agar plates, and the antifungal drugs were used in accordance with the “whole blood culture” and the “antifungal drug” criteria, respectively. The blood culture was cultured in Sabouraud dextrose agar plates at 37°C for 24 h, and the minimum inhibitory concentrations (MICs) were determined by using a spectrophotometric method (R^2 = 0.9) and the absorbance at 550 nm was recorded. The MIC of autologous platelet-rich plasma was defined as the lowest concentration of platelet-rich plasma that prevented visible growth of organisms and was considered to be the most effective dose, as determined by MIC.

2.5. Data Analysis
The data obtained were presented as the means ± standard deviation of the mean of the whole blood culture. The experimental data were presented as the means ± SD of the samples in triplicate. All statistical analyses were performed with Statistica version 5.0 (StatSoft, Inc., Tulsa, OK, USA).

2.6. Antifungal Activity and Cytotoxicity
The antifungal activity of the autologous platelet-rich plasma was determined as the reduction in viable fungal cell count with a microplate assay as described previously [26,27]. The antifungal activity was determined by measuring the extracellular bacterium (spherule) of the platelet-rich plasma with a microplate assay as described previously [28]. The results were presented as the mean of the mean of the wells with and without plasma.


## Results
At the dose of 200 µg/ml, the ability of BM-PD to inhibit MDR-a-derived fungi was tested (Figure 6. We observed that BM-PD inhibited the proliferation of MDR-a-derived fungi in blood of patients at the concentration of 100 µg/ml, but the fungicidal activity of BM-PD against MDR-a-derived fungi was more pronounced in the blood of patients with advanced age compared with those with advanced age. Thus, the BM-PD treatment at the concentration of 200 µg/ml is able to reduce the MDR-a-derived fungi in blood of patients with advanced age. Furthermore, the anti-CD14 antibody is a potent inhibitor of the MDR-a-derived fungi [27].

The anti-CD14 antibody in the BM-PD treatment of MDR-a-derived fungi is effective against MDR-a-derived fungi in blood of patients with advanced age
We then performed the anti-CD14 antibody test in the BM-PD treatment of MDR-a-derived fungi in order to evaluate whether BM-PD is capable of killing MDR-a-derived fungi in blood. As shown in Figure 7A, BM-PD treatment with BM-PD at 100 µg/ml was able to reduce the MDR-a-derived fungi in blood, while BM-PD treatment at 100 µg/ml was not effective against MDR-a-derived fungi in blood. In addition, the anti-CD14 antibody was able to protect against MDR-a-derived fungi in blood in patients with advanced age. Furthermore, the anti-CD14 antibody was also effective against MDR-a-derived fungi in blood of patients with advanced age.

Anti-CD14 antibody reduces MDR-a-derived fungi in blood and is effective against MDR-a-derived fungi in blood
To evaluate the ability of BM-PD to protect against MDR-a-derived fungi in blood, we compared the anti-CD14 antibody assay with the anti-CD14 antibody system. As shown in Figure 8, the anti-CD14 antibody was more effective against MDR-a-derived fungi in blood compared with those with advanced age.


## Discussion
The results showed that the activity of blood-borne antimicrobial peptide, cyclophosphamide (CPC) and aminoglycosides against different bacterial strains and fungi (Table 2. The different bacterial strains and fungi are the most common pathogens. The presence of specific bacterial pathogens in blood and the bioactivity of the bacterial plasma extract are also reported in previous studies (Table 1). In a previous study, the antimicrobial activity of plasma from blood of patients with HIV/AIDS was found to be 88% (56/52) (Table 1) (21). In a study by Bancroft et al. (2007) using the same protocol, the bioactivity of the plasma from blood of patients with HIV/AIDS patients was found to be only 4.8% (16/32). However, it was reported that the activity of plasma from blood of patients with HIV/AIDS patients was only 22.3% (4/8), which was higher than the level reported in a previous study by Bancroft et al. (2007) (22).

The bioactivity of other extracts and peptides in the blood of patients with HIV/AIDS are reported in this study (Table 2). Some of the metabolites identified by bioassay were found to be related to different aspects of the host response to different microbes, such as biofilm formation and the survival of the pathogen. Furthermore, bioactive peptides were also identified in blood of patients with HIV/AIDS.

Antimicrobial activity of blood from patients with HIV/AIDS
The bioactive metabolites identified in blood of patients with HIV/AIDS were mainly characterized by the ability to inhibit the growth of the pathogenic bacteria, the growth of the resistant bacteria, the growth of the resistant bacteria and the inhibition of the growth of the resistant bacteria (Table 1). In this study, the bioactivity of the plasma extract of blood from patients with HIV/AIDS was found to be 91.7% (29/29).

The bioactive metabolites identified in blood of patients with HIV/AIDS were mainly characterized by the ability to inhibit the growth of the resistant bacteria, the growth of the resistant bacteria and the inhibition of the growth of the resistant bacteria (Table 2).
