# Isolation and Characterization of Yeasts Able to Acting as Antifungal Sorters in Typical and Exemplary Gallium Antidase Systems
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The capability of metazoan parasites to carry out many of the important diseases is due in large part to the possession of a genome often very small compared to other parasites. Here, we present a comparative analysis of the genome of the elusive metazoan Caenorhabditis elegans, which has the advantage of being able to carry out many important vital roles in the human host. Among the 44,860 predicted genes in the genome, only two genes were predicted to encode virulence factors. We show that these virulence factors are not only essential in human pathogenesis but also carried out many important and often fatal infections. We also discuss the challenges faced in dissecting these genes and propose that they might also play a role in the host invasion. We also explore the role these genes might play in the innate immune response. Finally, we review the genes that are known to be important for parasite survival.

Understanding the nature and function of the immune system is fundamental to the protection against diseases, and the identification of virulence factors has been difficult to accomplish. Here, the authors present a comparative analysis of the genomes of two completely sequenced genomes of the important human opportunistic pathogen C. elegans, and propose that these genomes carry out important roles in the host’s innate immune response and pathogenicity. Using highly tractable tools, we propose that these immune-defense genes might also play important roles in the innate host response.


## Introduction
Schmal. & W.T. Davies)

The major challenge in the study of fungi is to isolate and identify the yeasts that can act as antifungal agents. During the 1950s, the use of immuno-blot and immuno-immunoassays for the testing of antifungal agents was standard in clinical laboratories. However, the use of these techniques for diagnosis of fungal infections was limited by the potential for contamination of the fungal specimen and by the possibility of contamination by other organisms. In these laboratories, the use of antifungal agents, especially those used in food or pharmaceutical industries, was not well defined. The use of immuno-blots and immuno-immunoassays, however, was well established by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in the early 1960s, in part because of the possibility of contamination of the antifungal material with fungi that could cause disease in the human host.

The first report on the use of immuno-blots and immuno-immunoassays for the detection of antifungal agents in antifungal preparations was published by P. A. Samuels in the Philadelphia Review of Medicine (PLWH) in 1960. The authors suggested that they could detect the presence of Candida albicans and Cryptococcus neoformans using positive tests. In the later years, other authors followed the use of immuno-blots and immuno-immuno-assays for the detection of antifungal agents by other researchers in the field, including Nagano Tomoyama, Hiroshi Yamaguchi & Kenji Ohnishi, in the Japanese Journal of Dermatology (JAJ) during the period 1965-1973, 1974-1974. The Japanese JAJ did not carry the Matsushige ink cartridge for the detection of antifungal agents but used an immuno-blot sensor, which recognized the fungus by Nagoya Tomoyama. The immuno-blots were not specific for the detection of fungal species and were only used to detect the species of the genus on the surface of fungal cells. In addition, Nagoya Tomoyama also used a single immuno-blot sensor, which recognized the fungus on the human surface. This sensor, G. Schmalm.


## Methods
fumigatus aminoglycoside (AAS) was assayed in the assays for the ability of yeasts to inhibit fungicidal activity by measuring the inhibition of the amide-binding activity of the drug, (2) The inhibitory concentration of AAS was determined by measuring the inhibition of the interaction of the AAS with the fluconazole-synthesized azole (FLU) by using the assay of the inhibition of the interaction of AAS with the dru.

The inhibition of the activity of the AAS by A. fumigatus was considered to be the inhibition of fungicidal activity by AAS if it was assayed in the assays of the fungicidal activity of AAS, and the inhibition of the activity of AAS by A. flavus was considered the inhibition of the fungicidal activity of AAS by AAS.

2.3. Study of the Effect of AAS on B. subtilis

A. fumigatus (AAS) was isolated from the aerial parts of B. subtilis. Briefly, the preparation was carried out as follows. The aerial parts were surface sterilized by autoclaving for 30 s and rinsed with PBS. The aerial parts were then cut in a sterile two-point plastic piece, and then the powder was extracted with chloroform, and then dried with air. The dry extract was then dissolved in 0.9% of sodium acetate, and then the concentration was measured with a spectrophotometer. The inhibition of the activity of AAS was considered as the inhibition of the fungicidal activity of AAS by AAS if the mixture was incubated at 37 °C for 48 h.

2.3. Study of the Effect of AAS on B. subtilis

The ability of B. subtilis (BAS) to act as an antioxidant was evaluated by the assay of the ability of B. subtilis (BAS) to act as a antioxidant according to the following three steps: (1) The A.


## Results
in the production of antimicrobial drugs is established [46,47. Antibiotics are currently used in a wide range of infections, including dermatitis, peeling back rash, and Lyme disease [48]. In the current research, we showed that Sargassoia spp. can utilize siderophores for antimicrobial activity [49].

The production of antimicrobial peptides and their activities have been shown to be enhanced by Sargassoia spp. sargosii (Figure 1), as well as by the expression of the Sargassoia sargosii genes in both the wild-type and sargocellulosic mutants [50]. To examine the activities of Sargassoia sargosii sargocellulosic mutants, we first evaluated the ability of these mutants to produce siderophores. Our results showed that the wild-type strain produces siderophores (Figure 2). The siderophores of Sargassoia sargosii mutants were significantly increased in length (from 16 to 67 nm) (from 32 to 47 nm) (Figure 2). In contrast, the siderophores of the sargocellulosic mutant were not significantly different from wild-type. Therefore, Sargassoia sargosii sargocellulosic mutants were unable to produce antimicrobial peptides, and the expression of the Sargassoia sargosii genes were not altered (Figure 2).

Sargassoia sargosii sargocellulosic Mutants Show Increased Sensitivity to Antibiotics
To analyze the sensitivity of Sargassoia sargosii sargocellulosic mutants to antibiotics, we first evaluated the sensitivity of Sargassoia sargosii sargocellulosic mutants to antimicrobial peptides and their activities. Our results showed that the sargosii mutants were significantly increased in susceptibility to drugs (from 22 to 42 nm) (from 24 to 36 nm) (Figure 3). Moreover, the sargosii mutants showed significantly decreased in sensitivity to antibiotics when compared with wild-type and the sargocellulosic mutants (from 22 to 30 nm) (Figure 3). Therefore, Sargassoia sargosii sargocellulosic mutants were highly sensitive to antimicrobial peptides.


## Discussion
albicans is capable of exporting toxic toxic agents to the atmosphere [29. It is possible that the yeast cells in this system might act as antioxidants to help in coping with these toxic compounds. The yeast cells in our study had also been reported to be able to produce a high number of glutathione peroxidase (GAP) peroxidase (GAP-1) peroxidase (GAP-2) peroxidase (GAP-3) peroxidase (GAP-4) peroxidase (GAP-5) and glutathione peroxidase (GAP-6) peroxidase (GAP-7) [29]. It has been reported that Rhodotorula mucilaginosa has the ability to produce glutathione peroxidase (GAP-2) peroxidase (GAP-1) [29]. The yeast cells in our study were also reported to be able to produce glutathione peroxidase (GAP-3) peroxidase (GAP-2) peroxidase (GAP-5) peroxidase (GAP-6) (GAP-7) [29]. These data suggest that the yeast cells in our study might be able to use glutathione peroxidase (GAP-3) as a peroxidase to reduce the glutathione peroxidase activity (GAP-2) in the cell membrane. The fact that these yeast cells in our study were also reported to be able to use glutathione peroxidase (GAP-2) peroxidase (GAP-5) as a peroxidase (GAP-6) suggests that the yeast cells in our study might be able to use glutathione peroxidase (GAP-2) as a peroxidase to reduce the glutathione peroxidase activity (GAP-2) in the cell membrane.
