# Life History Responses and Gene Expression Profiles of the Nematode Pristionchus pacificus Cultivated in ITS and Beyond
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
During the last decade, the yeast symbiont Sclerotinia sclerotiorum has emerged as a promising invertebrate model for the study of pathogenesis and cell biology. It harbors several important genes, including those encoding virulence factors, virulence enzymes and cell wall degrading enzymes, which may be instrumental in its adaptation to and infection of plant hosts. Asexual propagation of S. sclerotiorum has been reported in several model eukaryotes including, plant and fungus, protozoans and protists, all of which are capable of infecting and growing on non-vertebrates such as protist larvae. In this review, we discuss the role of the sexual reproductive form in fungal reproduction and sexual development. In general, the in vitro reproduction-driven growth potential of S. sclerotiorum is related to the ability of the fungus to generate spores that are pathogen resistant, whereas the virulence in the sexual reproductive form was driven mainly by the success of the fungus in producing melanized cells and the expression of virulence-related genes.


## Introduction
The genus Penicillium was established by Gams (1979) with P.scopularin (Pen). Penicillium was reported from a wide range of hosts, including Penicillium minutis and P.entulans, both from tropical and temperate regions, in the Penicillium genus (Gams 1980).

Gams (1979) was the first to identify P.minum and P.entulans based on morphology and phylogenetic evidence, and he referred them both to be Penicillium minutis, as they were the only species identified as belonging to this genus within the Penicillium genus, and subsequently Penicillium nivolum, Penicillium aceris, and Penicillium uvarum. Later work by Gams (1982) and later by Crous et al. (1984) showed that Penicillium minutis and Pen.entulans are morphologically similar, and Penicillium and Nivolum are distinct species, but Penicillium uvarum and Pen.entulans are morphologically distinct, with two species, P.minum and P.entulans, and one species, P.


## Methods

To generate RNA-seq libraries for this study, the cDNA sequences of the raw sequencing reads were amplified with the Phred/Phrap Primer (v3.2.10) program in the GeneRacer toolkit (v2.2.3) with the following parameters: the RNA template was set to a 20 bp length, the amplification was performed with the following parameters: the input DNA sequence was set to a 50 bp length, the amplification was performed with the following parameters: the PCR primers were set to a 5' end and the reverse primer was set to a 5' end. The sequencing data was deposited in the GeneRacer website (https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/geo/) and sequenced in both directions using a HiSeq 2000 platform (Illumina, San Diego, CA, USA) at the Riboprobes Laboratory (Iowa City, IA, USA). The total RNA was treated with RQ1 RNA-Seq Kit (Qiagen, Hilden, Germany) according to manufacturer’s recommendations.

Fungal RNA Extraction, cDNA Library Construction, and qPCR Analysis
Total RNA was extracted with TriZol reagent (Invitrogen, Carlsbad, CA, USA). A total of 0.5 µg of total RNA were reverse transcribed with an RNase-free kit (Qiagen) according to the manufacturer’s instructions. The cDNA was then purified and sequenced with a HiSeq 2500 platform (Illumina).

The RNA-seq reads were mapped to the P. pacificus species tree using the Artemisia genome annotation [14]. The obtained raw sequences were filtered with the Bowtie2 software version 2.2.4 [15]. Only the sequences that met the following criteria were added to the P. pacificus tree and were represented as an even distribution: the number of reads in at least one species was = 10^3, the base quality was = 20, and the total number of reads was = 2. The reads were then aligned to the P. pacificus tree using a custom perl script and the results are shown in Table 2.

After the alignment, the total RNA was treated with RQ1 RNA-Seq Kit (Qiagen) according to manufacturer’s recommendations.


## Results
This was supported by a report on the growth of Cryptococcus neoformans in liquid culture [10], [13. The fungal virulence potential of the Cryptococcus neoformans in humans was evaluated using the MDR assay [14], [15], and was evaluated using the Nile red (Nematode red) assay. The MDR assay was used to evaluate the virulence potential of Cryptococcus neoformans to humans, rats, and mice. All studies were conducted in vivo using a mouse model (Table 1). As expected, the first animal was a healthy male (n = 5). The second animal was a nephropathy patient with mild renal impairment, and the third animal was a hematogenously disseminated human patient with severe hematogenic leukemia. The studies were conducted in a mouse model of disseminated infection, and animals were sacrificed on the fourth day after infection. The results showed that the MDR assay was the most effective method to assess the virulence potential of Cryptococcus neoformans in the murine model of disseminated infection.

The virulence potential of Cryptococcus neoformans was also evaluated in the Galleria mellonella model of disseminated infection. It was found that the MDR assay is the most effective method to assess the virulence potential of Cryptococcus neoformans in Galleria mellonella infection. It was found that the MDR assay is the most effective method to evaluate the virulence potential of Cryptococcus neoformans in Galleria mellonella infection. In the Galleria mellonella model of disseminated infection, the most effective method to assess the virulence potential of Cryptococcus neoformans was the Nile red assay [14], [15], [16]. The results showed that the MDR assay was the most effective method to evaluate the virulence potential of Cryptococcus neoformans in the Galleria mellonella model of disseminated infection.

The MDR assay was found to be the most effective method to assess the virulence potential of Cryptococcus neoformans in the Galleria mellonella model of disseminated infection.


## Discussion
2017), we were unable to determine whether this fungus has a similar lifestyle to other entomopathogenic nematode. In this study, we found that Pristionchus pacificus has a robust genome-wide gene expression profile compared to other entomopathogenic nematodes (Figures 2, 3, and 5). Importantly, this gene expression profile also includes genes involved in metabolism, cell wall biogenesis, stress adaptation, and virulence, as well as genes involved in secondary metabolism and energy metabolism.

The gene expression profile of the entomopathogenic nematode Pristionchus pacificus in this study was composed of two major clusters, one from the entomopathogenic nematode P. uvarum and the other from the entomopathogenic nematode A. bisporus. The entomopathogenic nematode P. uvarum has been reported to be highly tolerant to extreme environmental conditions and abundant in nature (Gross et al. 2007; Ferreira et al. 2007). Although P. uvarum and P. bisporus are typically found together in the soil, the interaction between these two species has been previously reported (Ferreira et al. 2007; Tedersoo et al. 2007). The entomopathogenic nematode P. bisporus is considered to be a specialized soil soil fungus (Tedersoo et al. 2007). In this study, we found that P. bisporus was the most abundant entomopathogenic nematode in the soil, with an abundance of 27% (Figure 2C), which is significantly higher than that of other entomopathogenic nematodes. The entomopathogenic nematode A. bisporus is reported to be a facultative saprobe (Tedersoo et al. 2007). It has been reported that this entomopathogenic nematode can colonize and grow on decaying organic materials (Gräfenhuber et al. 2008). Furthermore, the entomopathogenic nematode A. bisporus is reported to be more resistant to soilborne diseases (Gräfenhuber et al. 2008). The entomopathogenic nematode A.
