# Lindt-Metallothionein-Induced Ploidy Change in Non-Homologous Cytotoxicity and Metabolic Regulation
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The bromeli Trees of Liangzhuang are among the largest in China, and have produced several traditional medicinal plants.


## Introduction
Over the last decade, many studies have investigated the role of genes encoding proteins with a common evolutionary origin, with a common origin in eukaryotic lineages. In fungi, several such genes have been studied for their role in plant and animal biology, including the genes for the osmosensory pathway in Neurospora crassa and the tracheal growth factor in A. nidulans (reviewed in [1]). In the plant kingdom, genes encoding for sclerotia (prostaglandins) and flavohemoglobin in the Brassica osmura are also associated with cell wall biosynthesis. Prostaglandin E2 (PFEN2), which encodes the second most abundant sclerotium protein in the plant kingdom, is a soluble sclerotial protein, and the first to be synthesized in a yeast strain was isolated in 1857 [2]. In contrast, genes encoding for proteins with a known origin in other phyla, including the plant kingdom, and that are linked to plant or animal function are often associated with biochemical pathways or signaling pathways that are not well understood in fungi [3]. In contrast to the well-known roles of the sclerotia in plant and animal biology, the role of sclerotia in fungi is still poorly understood.

Sclerotia are often classified into three groups: sclerotia that are surrounded by exopolymeric material, sclerotia that are attached to exopolymeric substrate, and sclerotia that are attached to external substrates. sclerotia are present in all eukaryotes and fungi, including yeasts and molds, as well as protists and some bacteria, and they are considered part of the secondary metabolism of the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) [4].


## Methods
Total RNA was extracted from fungal mycelia using TRIzol reagent (Invitrogen, Karlsruhe, Germany. The cDNA was synthesized using random primers from the random hexamers (S9 Table). A total of 10 µg of total RNA was reverse transcribed with SuperScript III Reverse Transcriptase (Invitrogen, Karlsruhe, Germany). The cDNA was used for real time quantitative PCR and real time quantitative PCR with SYBR green as the template. The PCR was performed in triplicate in a total volume of 50 µl using the StepOnePlus real-time PCR system (Applied Biosystems, Foster City, CA, USA). The reaction was performed in a total volume of 50 µl with the following conditions: the initial denaturation at 95°C for 5 min, followed by 40 cycles of denaturation at 95°C for 30 s, annealing at 55°C for 30 s and extension at 72°C for 60 s, followed by a final extension at 72°C for 10 min. The PCR products were purified using the Qiagen QIAquick PCR Purification Kit and then used as template for real time quantitative PCR. Each sample was normalized to the endogenous gene of the same species using the SYBR green primers and the primers from the <U+0394>Cox and <U+0394>Cox^R primers. The qPCR reactions were carried out with an Applied Biosystems 7500 Real-Time PCR System (Life Technologies, Carlsbad, CA, USA). The expression level of each gene was calculated by normalizing the relative levels of relative gene expression between the two species. The results were plotted against the calibrator using the graph interface of Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) [49].

To analyze the influence of the various fungal species on the virulence of Aspergillus species, we performed qPCR in three different fungal species: Aspergillus flavus (AF2), Aspergillus niger (AF5), and Aspergillus terreus (AF3).


## Results
A number of novel and promising models have been developed for the study of interactions between enzymes, proteomes and biological processes [36,37. A recent report (Mugambi et al., 2014) proposed to build proteome models using fungal proteomes, which is a novel approach for the study of interactions between human and mammalian proteins. Several studies have shown that fungal proteomes are rich in conserved amino acids that are essential for various functions, such as secretion, protein degradation, and transcriptional control of cell cycle and DNA replication [38,39]. The fungal proteomes contain extensive amounts of highly conserved amino acids, including transmembrane proteins, catalytic proteins, and transmembrane proteins, which are particularly important in the proteomic response to environmental signals, such as ROS [40,41].

In this study, we have used an approach using the microarray data of the yeast F. graminearum strain to build up a list of known interactions, using a set of putative interactions in which the presence of a conserved amino acid could be linked to an efficient degradation of the fungal cell membrane (Supplementary Table S3). The microarray data were also used to build a list of interactions that could be observed in the presence of a conserved amino acid in the yeast cell membrane (Supplementary Table S3). This list was then queried with a co-immunoprecipitation assay (Co-IP), to determine if any of the interactions detected by the microarray data were likely to have an effect on the growth of F. graminearum in the presence of a conserved amino acid.

When the co-immunoprecipitated data were used to build a list of co-immunoprecipitations that were found in the co-immunoprecipitation data and that could be observed in the co-immunoprecipitation data, we found that the co-immunoprecipitation data had a very high number of interactions, with the highest number observed in the co-immunoprecipitation data (Figure 2).


## Discussion
chrysosporium [15. These results clearly show that P. chrysosporium can be used as a new model system for studying cellular and molecular biology of fungi.

In addition to the in vitro cell growth experiments, we used transcriptome data for the in vivo cell growth experiments in order to study the molecular and cellular effects of this fungus on the various cell types involved in the growth and development of P. chrysosporium. The results revealed that the deletion of PcMCL1 resulted in a marked decrease in P. chrysosporium growth, and increased its ability to grow in vitro and on different media. This result was supported by the results of the transcriptomic studies by Li et al. [16]. In the same way, we found that the expression of the PcMCL1 gene in P. chrysosporium was regulated by the expression of the gene encoding the enzyme of the protein kinase C subunit, which is required for the phosphorylation of PcMCL1. This gene encodes a homologue of the enzyme Cdc24p, the predominant regulator of the Cdc24 phosphorylation. We also found that the PcMCL1 gene was regulated by the upregulation of the PcMCL1 gene in P. chrysosporium and that PcMCL1 was also regulated by the downregulation of the PcMCL1 gene in C. albicans. In contrast, the PcMCL1 gene was upregulated in P. chrysosporium when it was expressed alone or in combination with the other genes.

PcMCL1 was also downregulated when PcMCL1 was translated in P. chrysosporium, and when it was translated in P. chrysosporium alone or in combination with the other genes. However, when PcMCL1 was translated in combination with the other genes, PcMCL1 was upregulated in P. chrysosporium when the gene encoding the enzyme Cdc24p was translated in combination with the other genes. The upregulation of the PcMCL1 gene in P. chrysosporium when the gene encoding the enzyme Cdc24p was translated in combination with the other genes suggests that PcMCL1 is expressed in P. chrysosporium.
