# Lipid production through simultaneous utilization of glucose and xylose by Pichia pastoris
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Fungal infections are a growing problem for the treatment of both humans and other animals. In humans, Aspergillus fumigatus is the leading cause of fungal infections. Its virulence factor, pyocyanin, has been reported in other eukaryotic organisms. Pyocyanin is produced predominantly during the infection of plants, animals and microbes, and is used as a biocontrol agent. Pyocyanins are released from fungi during infection, and are released as reactive oxygen species (ROS). Some fungal strains, especially those of the genus Cladobacteriophora, have been used as biological control agents. In the present study, we characterized a pyocyanin-producing fungus, Sclerotinia sclerotiorum. The genetic analysis revealed that, based on the genome sequences of S. sclerotiorum, S. sclerotiorum has the ability to produce pyocyanin. Furthermore, fungal strains of the genus Cladobacteriophora also have the ability to produce pyocyanin. Therefore, we have constructed a genome sequence of S. sclerotiorum, and compared it with the genomes of three other fungal species, Fusarium graminearum, Pneumocystis japonicus and Aspergillus nidulans. The comparison revealed that, the present study showed that, the S. sclerotiorum genome sequence is significantly larger than the genomes of three other fungi. Additionally, we report the genome sequence of F. graminearum, and the genome sequence of S. sclerotiorum, which contains the genome sequence of the same fungus, is considerably larger, and therefore, a good opportunity to use pyocyanin as biological control agent. Furthermore, we report the genome sequence of the same fungus is also more reprogrammed to its host species, and the genome sequence of F.


## Introduction
 2009. The hyper-selectivity of this sugar is due to the low efficiency of glucose uptake and a high turnover of glucose and xylose by P. pastoris. Both sugar donors have different concentrations in the donor lipids (Ratledge and Wynn, 1998). The use of glucose and xylose in lipophilic bacteria is associated with an increase in Cl_2 and Cl_3 concentrations, which stimulates an increase in Cl_2 and Cl_3 levels and the secretion of glucose and xylose (Lipson et al., 2000). In addition, P. pastoris has a well-known lipophilic sugar donor (Matsushima et al., 2010), which stimulates growth of P. pastoris on L-lysosome medium (Wynn et al., 2000; Lin et al., 2003).

In addition, the hyper-selectivity of glucose and xylose has been found for Pseudomonas putida. The sugar donors, particularly sugar A, have high preference for glucose over that of glucose and are dependent on the growth conditions. The sucrose donors have a high preference for glucose over that of glucose. In addition, the sugar donors are thought to be important for the growth of P. pastoris. The macromolecular sugar donor, GlcA, was found to be important for the growth of P. pastoris on glucose-containing medium (Nguyen et al., 2010) and the growth of P. pastoris on macernery medium (Pellegrini et al., 2008). In addition, a thermo-toxicity assay using GlcA has shown that glucose is toxic and causes cholestatic lysis of cell membranes (Deretic et al., 2010). The high-affinity glucose uptake system (HAS) has been found in P. pastoris and other Pseudomonas species (Gambino et al., 2003; Xue et al., 2004; Voigt et al., 2009; Liu et al., 2010; Li et al., 2013). In addition, P. pastoris has a thermostatable sucrose transporter (Syts) (Liu et al., 2010). In addition, the sugar donors have been found to be important for the growth of P. pastoris on macernery medium (Wynn et al., 2000; Lin et al., 2003).


## Methods
pastoris or . pastoris sp. or P. pastoris sp. or P. oxysporum, respectively.

Production of <U+03B3>-glycerol from dried sugar (P. pastoris)
P. pastoris mycelia (10 g) were ground in liquid nitrogen by homogenization in liquid nitrogen, and 1 ml of this solution was transferred to a sterile 1.5 ml screw cap tube. The mixture was poured into a sterile 1.5 ml screw cap tube and vortexed for 2 min. Then, 1 ml of the solution was added to 1 ml of 2% BSA solution, and the tubes were vortexed for 30 s, and the solution was centrifuged at 5000×g for 10 min, and the supernatant was discarded. The pellet was washed with 1 ml of 0.2% Tween 80 and re-suspended in 1 ml of 2% BSA. The sugar concentration of the suspension was adjusted to 2% BSA by the addition of 1 ml of 1% Tween 80. The sugar-free control group was made by mixing 1 ml of 1% Tween 80 with 1 ml of the 1% BSA solution. The final sugar concentration of the control group was 1% BSA. The sugar-free solution was centrifuged at 5000×g for 10 min, and the supernatant was discarded. The pellet was washed with 1 ml of 0.2% Tween 80 and re-suspended in 1 ml of 2% BSA. The final sugar-free solution was centrifuged at 5000×g for 10 min, and the supernatant was discarded. The pellet was washed with 1 ml of 0.2% Tween 80 and re-suspended in 1 ml of 2% BSA.

P. pastoris was cultivated in BHI medium (50 ml) in a shaking incubator at 25 °C. Mycelia was harvested by filtering through a sterile gauze filter and filtrated through a 70 µm mesh (Millipore, Germany). The filtrate was diluted with 1 ml of sterile 0.9% saline (Sigma-Aldrich, USA) to obtain the desired sugar concentration of 2%. Then, the concentration of sugar-free solution was adjusted to 1% BSA by mixing 1 ml of 0.


## Results
Production of Antifungal Activity
The selected strains were grown for 10 and 24 h in PBS containing shaking at 25°C, pH 7.5, YES (v/v) and minimal medium, respectively, and then inoculated into C. albicans. The MIC of the selected strains was determined using the CLSI method. The results are shown in Table 1. All the selected strains showed MIC values ranging from 0.125 to 0.125 µg/ml. All the strains showed MIC values of 0.125 µg/ml, except for strains Pb01 and Pb08, that showed MIC values ranging from 0.125 to 0.125 µg/ml.

In vitro Screening of Candida Expansing from Candelure Colonies
The obtained results from the in vitro screening of candida from C. albicans are shown in Table 2.


## Discussion
pastoris grown on glucose and xylose was significantly higher than the biomass of . pastoris grown on xylose (Figures 2A, C, and D). This is in agreement with previous studies reporting that P. pastoris increased the biomass of other fungi such as C. albicans and Aspergillus flavus by ~10-20% [28, 29], and P. pastoris did not increase the biomass of C. albicans and Aspergillus flavus by more than 10-15% [30]. Our results confirm that P. pastoris does not need to use glucose and xylose for its growth, and we therefore can confirm the biomass and biomass yield of P. pastoris grown on glucose and xylose as well as the biomass and biomass yield of P. pastoris grown on glucose and xylose.

The cell density of P. pastoris grown on glucose and xylose was not significantly different (p = 0.05). The cell density of P. pastoris grown on glucose and xylose was 12.5 and 1.2 g/L, respectively, but P. pastoris grown on glucose and xylose was only 0.2 g/L. In comparison to P. pastoris grown on glucose and xylose, the biomass of P. pastoris grown on glucose and xylose was comparable to the biomass of P. pastoris grown on glucose and xylose (Figure 2E and Figure 3A). The cell densities of P. pastoris grown on glucose and xylose were 0.29 and 0.36 g/L, respectively, and P. pastoris grown on glucose and xylose was only 0.06 g/L. In contrast to P. pastoris grown on glucose and xylose, P. pastoris grown on glucose and xylose was 0.06 g/L (Figure 3E). The results of the interaction experiments indicate that P. pastoris and P. xylose share the same interaction.

P. pastoris grew on glucose and xylose as well as glucose and xylose, but the biomass and biomass yield of P. pastoris grown on glucose and xylose were significantly higher than that grown on glucose and xylose (Figure 2E). The results suggest that P.
