# Lipid production through simultaneous utilization of glycogen synthase and kidney endotoxin reductase by cultured kidney endothelial cells
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The Malassezia restricta (M. restricta) is an important fungus causing systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) in many countries. However, the phylogeny and species distribution of M. restricta remain unknown. Here we report the phylogeny, species distribution and genome sequence analyses of a pan-eukaryotic population of M. restricta. According to the analyses, the M. restricta genome is a complete and remarkably stable messo geniiculate. The M. restricta genome has a heterogeneous and heterogeneous phylogeny, which could be of use to infer phylogenetic relationships between M. restricta and a few other fungi.

The complete genome of M. restricta was unveiled by constructing the paralogous nuclear loci from the saprotrophic fungi Sporobolomyces, Aspergillus, and Saccharomyces. The size of the M. restricta genome is approximately 160,000bp. The M. restricta heterologouso arose by duplication and recombination in a diploid progeny of a saprotrophic fungal population. Homologous ORFs in Saccharomyces, Saccharomyces cerevisiae, and Schizosaccharomyces pombe were generated to investigate the molecular determinants underlying this phenotypic divergence. The three-flavor phylogeny was supported by principal coordinates and inferred evolutionary distances. Using this phylogeny, we were able to reconstruct the M. restricta complex from a conserved collection of eukaryotic pathogens with a high evolutionary divergence, with the aim of providing a better understanding of molecular evolution and speciation as well as understanding the molecular mechanisms underlying the molecular changes observed during the evolution of the Malassezia restricta.


## Introduction
 2016. In the first stage, endotoxin is hydrolyzed and converted to lipids by an activated surface receptor. The lipid-derived molecules are subsequently taken up into the cells by an activated carbon shuttle, which then generates and stores them in lipid bodies. The lipid-producing cells have a high surface density, which helps them to act as efficient ‘antimicrobial killers’ (Ha, Lee et al., 2016; Lai et al., 2015). In the second stage, lipid-sensing and lipid-free storage enzymes such as eicosanoids and liposomal hydrolases (LHs) are secreted by the host. These enzymes can act as scavenging agents against free radicals and oxidative stress, respectively, while retaining lipids for better tissue maintenance (Hofmann et al., 2005; Wehmann et al., 2005; Ha et al., 2012; Wang and Xiao, 2012).

In the last decades, studies of the fungal lipid metabolism have been mainly focused on mammals. Although fungal lipid metabolism has been extensively investigated, little is known about the specific components and functional characteristics of lipid bodies present in these species (Hoffmann, 2004). The structure and composition of lipid bodies in different tissues are still poorly understood, with the exception of the cells of the skin, bone, liver and gallbladder (Hoffmann et al., 2005; Wang and Xiao, 2012). There are two groups of lipid bodies present in the skin (nonlipidic) and in the gastro-intestinal tract (lipid-free) (Ghein and Heitman, 2000). The most common lipids are the cholesterol ester (Chong et al., 2016) and palmitic acid (Chong et al., 2015). Both groups are mainly composed of cholesterol (Chong and Hochholder, 2009). The cholesterol ester is usually found in the membranes of the upper and lower limbs (Ghein and Heitman, 2000). It is synthesized by the enzyme palmitoyl-CoA thiosulfate dehydrogenase (EC 3.2.1.22), which is catalyzed by an NADH-dependent enzyme, which is called palmitoyl oxidase (EC 1.16.3.23) (Chong and Hochholder, 2009).


## Methods
Animal model
The RSP-RI^™ mouse model of disseminated cryptococcosis was performed in accordance with the guidelines of the American College of Rheumatology and Mycology, and was approved by the Research Ethics Committees of the University of Illinois at Chicago (protocol number A36-11-2-3) and the University of Illinois at Chicago (protocol number A36-08-2). All animal procedures were performed with approval of the University of Chicago Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee (IACUC) and followed protocols were reviewed and approved by the University of Chicago IACUC.

Fungal burden
Lungs were removed from mice at 1 week post-infection, fixed in 10% formaldehyde, permeabilized with 0.5% saponin, and blocked with 10% goat serum (BioVision) in PBS for 1 h at room temperature. The lung tissue was then embedded in paraffin, sectioned at 5 µm, and stained with hematoxylin and eosin (H&E) and periodic acid-Schiff (PAS). The total lung tissue was analyzed using a gas chromatograph (GC-2010A; Shimadzu) at the Argonne National Laboratory. The GC was equipped with a flame ionization detector. For identification of the samples, the number of CFU was determined by plaque assays.

C. albicans cells and cell isolation
The C. albicans strains were cultured in YPD liquid medium (1% yeast extract, 2% peptone, and 2% dextrose) at 30°C. The inoculum was prepared by inoculating 10^6 C. albicans spores in 10 ml of YPD liquid medium at 30°C.


## Results
A mixed population of purified extracellular glycogen synthase and kidney endotoxin reductase was also detected in the extracellular medium (Fig 3B. This glycogen synthase activity is likely to be dependent on the extracellular uptake of secreted exogenous glycogen. The lack of glycogen synthase activity in the absence of exogenous glycogen suggests that the extracellular glycogen synthase activity is not required for the secretion of a large proportion of secreted glycogen. This could be due to the use of glycogen synthase by macrophages, which may release a large amount of secreted glycogen in the absence of exogenous glycogen. The absence of exogenous glycogen synthase activity in the absence of exogenous glycogen could be due to the use of other inhibitors that interfere with the synthesis of secreted glycogen. These intracellular inhibitors may also interfere with the secretion of exogenous glycogen. These intracellular inhibitors may interfere with the secretion of secreted glycogen.

Diverse proteins involved in proteolysis and secretion were also detected in the extracellular and secreted cultures of both cells grown on rich media (Fig 3C, D). The extracellular proteolytic enzyme activity of the extracellular protease from the extracellular protease was detected in the extracellular culture of the cells grown in the presence of different extracellular concentrations of the extracellular protease.


## Discussion

Glycerine and L-arginine are major nutrients in the host and are necessary for normal growth and differentiation of . capsulatum. In this study, we showed that glycerol could be used as the nitrogen source for the growth of H. capsulatum. This was followed by a measurement of total biomass in the medium and the nitrogen source of L-arginine, which is one of the major nitrogen sources in the host for H. capsulatum. L-arginine is the main nitrogen source for the cell and also in its own metabolic process, it was found to be the main nitrogen source for the cell. In contrast, glucuronic acid is the main nitrogen source for the cell and also in its own metabolic process, it was found to be the main nitrogen source for the cell. Thus, glycerol could be used as a nitrogen source for the growth of H. capsulatum.

Glycogenases are a group of enzymes that are required for the synthesis of a wide range of substrates. These enzymes are involved in the hydrolysis of glycerol in the synthesis of a wide range of substrates such as glycerol-7-phosphate (G7PP) and glycerol-6-phosphate (G6PP). The glycerol-7-phosphate (G7PP) is a protein that plays a major role in the synthesis of a wide range of substrates, such as glucose, glycerol, and l-rhamnose. Glycerol is a major substrate for a wide range of substrates such as glycerol-7-phosphate (G7PP) and glycerol-6-phosphate (G6PP). The substrate for G6PP is a glucose-6-phosphate (G6PP). Glycerol is a major substrate for glycerol-7-phosphate (G7PP) and glycerol-6-phosphate (G6PP). The substrate for G6PP is glycerol-7-phosphate (G6PP).

L-arginine was also found to be a main nitrogen source for the cell. This was in contrast to glycerol.
