# Metagenome of oleaginous yeasts Kluyveromyces lactis<|endof
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
In this study, the microbial community profiles in human peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) were investigated by 16S rRNA sequencing. Using this approach, we were able to identify the major bacterial species and fungi detected in PBMCs of HIV-infected patients. Of the 28 species detected, 34 were dominant in both PBMCs and human mononuclear cells and the number of different species was higher than that in other PBMCs investigated. Our results indicated that these compounds could be used to treat various PBMC diseases caused by various microorganisms, such as bacterial meningitis, herpes simplex, and paracoccidioidomycosis. The genus Candida was predominant in PBMCs and we found that the compounds were more effective than known bacteriophage antibiotics. Our results suggest that the Candida species might be the cause of the various diseases caused by microorganisms. These results might provide an additional understanding of the pathogenesis of various PBMCs and might also lead to the development of novel therapeutics against these PBMCs.


## Introduction
They are characterized by their high antigenic potential to recognize antigens through antigen-specific Toll-like receptors (TLRs), which bind to TLRs of the antigen presenting cell. TLR2, TLR4 and TLR9 are associated with TLR2, TLR4, TLR4, TLR4 and TLR9 (2, 3). TLR2, TLR4 and TLR9 are associated with TLR2 and TLR4 (4, 5). The TLRs bind to TLR2 and TLR4 (6). In the presence of different stimuli, the TLRs can activate different immune cells to recognize the same antigens (7). These cytokines can be activated by the cytokines themselves, such as IL-12 or TGF-ß, to be produced by T cells and induce cytokine production by macrophages, monocytes and dendritic cells (DC) (8). In the presence of IL-12, TLR4 and TLR9 recognize IL-12 in T cells, but not other cytokines, such as IL-4, IL-5, IL-13 or IL-13a (8). Thus, the release of cytokines from TLR receptors can promote a pro-inflammatory response to the antigen. In the case of IL-4, IL-13 and IL-13a, the release of cytokines from TLR9 is more important than the release of cytokines from TLR2 and TLR4 (9). The TLR9 and TLR4 TLR receptors recognize T antigen and trigger a pro-inflammatory response, which leads to the activation of DCs (10). Once activated, TLR9 is critical in the activation of NK cells and is required for the induction of anti-inflammatory responses. In particular, the secretion of IL-10, IL-13, IL-4, IL-9, IL-10ß and TLR9 can induce a pro-inflammatory response. These cytokines can activate DCs to produce inflammatory cytokines, such as TNF-a, which can activate the DCs to produce the cytokine production by DCs (11). In addition, the NK cells are important for the induction of apoptosis in the presence of IL-15 (12).


## Methods
coli BL21(DE3)pLysS was used as a host strain for experiment. The <U+2206>kA<U+2206>KmA mutant strain was constructed by replacing the <U+2206>kA allele with a constitutively ß-tubulin promoter. The <U+2206>kA<U+2206>KmA mutant was generated by transforming the <U+2206>kA<U+2206>KmA allele with a constitutively ß-tubulin promoter and subsequently using the pGEM^®-T Easy Vector System II (Promega, Madison, WI, USA). The <U+2206>kA<U+2206>KmA mutant strain was constructed by transforming the <U+2206>kA allele with a constitutively ß-tubulin promoter. The <U+2206>kA<U+2206>KmA strain was constructed by transforming the <U+2206>kA allele with a constitutively ß-tubulin promoter and subsequently using the pGEM^®-T Easy Vector System II. The <U+2206>kA<U+2206>KmA mutant strain was constructed by transforming the <U+2206>kA allele with a constitutively ß-tubulin promoter.

Construction of A. fumigatus Transformation Vector
The A. fumigatus Af293 vector was constructed using the A. fumigatus Af293 gene disruption cassette as previously described [11]. The plasmid pAI2-A. fumigatus was transformed with the A. fumigatus Af293 vector using a BglII or BamHI DNA fragment and a hygromycin B resistance cassette (HYG). The A. fumigatus Af293 vector was transformed with the hygromycin B resistant marker (a hygromycin-resistance marker) as previously described [11]. The plasmid pAI2-A. fumigatus was transformed with the A. fumigatus Af293 vector using a BglII or BamHI DNA fragment and a hygromycin resistance marker (a hygromycin resistance marker) as previously described [11]. The plasmid pAI2-A.


## Results
aeruginosa with that of other known human pathogenic microorganisms (Table 1) and found no significant difference in the microbial composition between the two specie. Among the 10 most prevalent bacteria in P. aeruginosa (Table 1), seven were found in both the Bray-Curtis distance distance and the Shannon index, while two were found in both the Bray-Curtis distance and the Shannon index. The bacterial community of P. aeruginosa was more diverse than the other known microorganisms and was also more likely to have a high degree of community identity (Table 1). However, the Bray-Curtis distance was significantly less than that of the Shannon index, which is indicative of low diversity in the bacterial community (Table 1). The Bray-Curtis distance of P. aeruginosa was significantly less than that of the Shannon index, which is indicative of low diversity in the bacterial community (Table 1).

Loci of Locus Structures and Correlation
The Bray-Curtis distance of P. aeruginosa was significantly less than that of the Shannon index, which is indicative of low diversity in the bacterial community (Table 1). The Bray-Curtis distance of P. aeruginosa was significantly less than that of the Shannon index, which is indicative of low diversity in the bacterial community (Table 1). The Bray-Curtis distance of P. aeruginosa was significantly less than that of the Shannon index, which is indicative of low diversity in the bacterial community (Table 1). The Bray-Curtis distance of P. aeruginosa was significantly less than that of the Shannon index, which is indicative of low diversity in the bacterial community (Table 1). The Bray-Curtis distance of P. aeruginosa was significantly less than that of the Shannon index, which is indicative of low diversity in the bacterial community (Table 1). The Bray-Curtis distance of P. aeruginosa was significantly less than that of the Shannon index, which is indicative of low diversity in the bacterial community (Table 1). The Bray-Curtis distance of P. aeruginosa was significantly less than that of the Shannon index, which is indicative of low diversity in the bacterial community (Table 1). The Bray-Curtis distance of P.


## Discussion
We found that these genes and proteins are involved in the sporulation, production of sexual hormones, and virulence of the pathogenic yeast . fumigatus.

Myxotricha is a genus of yeast-like fungi (27), and many genes have been identified in its genome (Fig 1). This study identified several genes involved in the sporulation, production of sexual hormones, and virulence of A. fumigatus. Of these genes, we identified two genes encoding sporulation-related proteins and two genes encoding a serine/threonine protein kinase and two transcription factors, respectively. These proteins are highly conserved in all myxotricha genomes analyzed (Fig 1). The sporulation and sexual genes were reported to have been diverged more than 30 times in the oomycete S. cerevisiae (28) and nearly 30 times in the basidiomycetous yeast S. pombe (29). The serine/threonine protein kinase genes were first identified in A. fumigatus in 2003 (28) and in A. terreus in 2005 (29). In this study, we found that the sporulation-related genes are specifically conserved in the myxotricha genome. The sporulation-related genes were identified in the sporulation-related gene set of strains, which also included two strains with two sporulation-related genes. In addition, we also identified two sporulation-related genes in our strains, which included two sporulation-related genes.
