# Microbial RNA is a rich source of functional and antibiotic-active compounds
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The incidence of cryptococcal meningitis in Indian patients is increasing, resulting in a growing problem of false-negative syndrome. The existence of this syndrome and the need for new biomarkers for the diagnosis and treatment of this disease are reviewed.

The incidence of cryptococcal meningitis in Indian patients is increasing, resulting in a growing problem of false-negative syndrome. The existence of this syndrome and the need for new biomarkers for the diagnosis and treatment of this disease are reviewed.

We conducted a retrospective study of India adult adults with cryptococcal meningitis to describe the occurrence, severity, and prognosis of this and other syndromes.

Among 164 adults with cryptococcal meningitis, the incidence of these syndromes increased from 15.0% in A1 to 45.3% in A2 and from 40.3% to 75.4% in B1 and B2, respectively. The number of patients experiencing false-negative syndrome was 16.1 (70.9%) and 13.7 (33.1%) in A1, A2, and B1, respectively. We reviewed the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) cell counts, protein concentration, and CSF white blood cell (WBC) levels, as well as the association with cryptococcal meningitis.

Cryptococcosis has a high incidence rate in Indian adults and we found a high prevalence of false-negative syndrome in the CSF in the A1 group compared to the A2 group. These data suggest that the occurrence of false-negative syndrome is related to the concentration of an immunosuppressant, especially indinavir/solute, in the CSF.


## Introduction
Cryptococcosis is a systemic fungal disease caused by the yeast-like fungi Cryptococcus neoformans and C. gattii, which is found worldwide, especially in the soil and bird droppings.


## Methods
We first examined the potential functional impact of bioactive metabolites on the antimicrobial activity of the various fungal pathogens by using 16S rRNA gene sequences from . fumigatus (Au) [6] and related fungi (Fumigatus, Fusarium, Fusarium sp., Glomus lupus, Magnaporthe grisea, Neurospora, Neurospora crassa, Saccharomyces cerevisiae, and Ustilaginomyces). These fungi were kindly provided by the Laboratory of Applied Biotechnology and Materials (Associates of Cape Town University, South Africa) and selected based on high similarity between these species (Figure 1).

Bioactive compounds were prepared by the addition of 1.0 g/liter of 1,2-diphenyl-2-picrylhydrazyl (DPPH) to 100 ml of the appropriate amount of methanol and incubated at 28 °C for 4-7 days, and the resulting extract was then used for antimicrobial assays.

For the antimicrobial activity of compounds, the reaction was performed in a 96-well microtiter plate, using a Mueller-Hinton medium (MHB) with 100 mM HEPES, pH 7.2, and 100 mM sodium carbonate, according to the method of Thierer et al. [10] with some modifications. The sample was incubated with different concentrations of the antimicrobial compounds in the presence or absence of the test compounds at 28 °C for 48 h. The bioactive compounds were analyzed in the same way, except that the addition of different concentrations of the test compounds was performed at 28 °C for 24 h. The activity of the tested compounds was determined according to the following equation: (C) = [(A_2 - C)/(A_2 - C)×100] - (D_2 - C)/(D_2 - D_2)×100, where D_2 is the area of the well where the test compounds were applied and D_2 is the area where the test compound was applied, and D_2 is the area where the test compound was applied. The positive and negative values of the assay were normalized according to the following formula: (A_2 - C)/(A_2 - C)/100.


## Results
The increase in biotechnological potential of these fungi in the last decades could be attributed to the emergence of new bio-active compounds with high potential to be used for toxicity [21. In this study, the results demonstrated that these fungi had the ability to produce bio-active compounds and inhibit the target organism. The fungal isolates were classified into four functional categories (Figure 3) according to their ability to produce bio-active compounds. The most resistant fungi to the most commonly used drugs, including penicillin, ampicillin, isoflavanin, or tobramycin, were the most resistant to all the tested agents, with the exception of tobramycin, which was not detected in all the tested isolates. The most resistant fungi to all tested agents were streptomycin, staphylococcus, and aspergillus.

In the systemic candidiasis pathogenesis, resistant species are commonly used as a model for the development of drug resistance [22]. The isolation of T. reesei in this study showed that T. reesei can produce virulence-promoting compounds, such as ampicillin, tobramycin, and aspergillus. However, the isolates did not show any resistance to these agents. The most resistant species to the most commonly used drugs to produce bio-active compounds were streptomycin, staphylococcus, and aspergillus. Although T. reesei is commonly used as a model in the development of drug resistance, T. reesei has been shown to produce different secondary metabolites that are active against different drug classes and are more resistant to osmotic stressors than the other pathogens [23]. In this study, the results demonstrated that the isolates were able to produce bio-active compounds. These compounds could be used as active ingredients for a number of antifungal drugs and they were most resistant to azole, fluconazole, caspofungin, and voriconazole.

3.3. Antibiofilm Activity
The MIC values for the selected strains were determined to be 0.5 µg/ml. MIC_50 was used as the reference drug for the testing of the various agents used in this study. The MIC_50 value of the isolates were determined by the CLSI methodology.


## Discussion
2014. In this study, the interaction of the N-terminal carbonyl groups of the D3 (Cu, N, H and G) and D6 (Cu, N, H and G) subunits of the ribonucleoprotein complex (RNP) was investigated. As a first step, ribonucleoprotein complexes (RNP) were prepared in minimal medium with 10 mM CaCl_2 (Figure 1). The peptides were purified from yeast cultures and purified by culturing with affinity chromatography. The purified peptides were isolated by HPLC and assayed for their antimicrobial activity. The structure of the peptide was analyzed by ^1H-NMR (Figure 2). The ^1H-NMR spectrum showed the presence of two main signals (indicated by the spectrum for nitro group) which are in agreement with the structure of the known peptide (Figure 3). The two signals were related to the nucleoside, and one was related to the hydroxyl group. The ^1H-NMR spectrum showed the presence of two signals (indicated by the spectrum for the aromatic protons). The signals for the two protons were related to the proton and the hydroxyl group. The signal for the hydroxyl group was connected to the hydroxyl group and the proton was connected to the proton and the hydroxyl group. The ^13C-NMR spectrum showed two signals (indicated by the spectrum for the methyl group) which were related to the proton and the methyl group. The signal for the methyl group was connected to the proton and the methyl group was connected to the proton and the proton was connected to the methyl group. The ^13C-NMR spectrum showed two signals (indicated by the spectrum for the protons and the protons) which were related to the proton and the protons and protons. The signals for the protons were connected to the protons and the protons were connected to the protons and the protons were connected to the protons. The ^13C-NMR spectrum showed the presence of two signals (indicated by the spectrum for the methyl group) which were related to the proton and the protons.
