# Microbiome chemical profiling used to finetinerench antigens from Bacillus angustifolia using molecular dynamics and molecularistruction methods
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Fungi are a major cause of human diseases, which result in high morbidity and mortality. Many species of fungi can be difficult to identify using standard methods, including mycological examination. We developed a new rapid and simple method for the identification of fungal taxa using nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy. This approach was adapted from conventional detection methods, such as polymerase chain reaction and culture-dependent detection of the mycobacterial cell wall components, such as ß-1,3-glucan and the mycobacterial cell wall polysaccharide 1,3-dichlorophenyl valerate. Using this method, we identified numerous taxa among fungi using only mycobacterial morphologies.


## Introduction

The chemical composition of the extracts of different plants extracts was investigated for possible antibacterial activity against Staphylococcus aureus and Bacillus cereus in vitr. The main compounds used were Amidecyanolic (2,4-dihydroxybenzaldehyde) and Trimethylsilical (1,4-dihydroxybenzaldehyde) and HCl, and the secondary compounds were Mezuzone (3,6-dimethoxyphenol) and Alprazolipetol (1,2-DHAP) (Figure 2). The antibacterial activity of extracts of Bacillus amebicola against the lipopolysaccharide (LPS)- and bacterium-enriched cells was investigated with the spectroscopic analysis. The bacterium-enriched cells were investigated for the presence of compounds that can inhibit LPS in vitro (Miguel et al., 2015). The antimicrobial activity of Bacillus amebicola crude extracts against various Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria was also investigated with the spectroscopic analysis (Miguel et al., 2015).

The main compounds used in this study were 2,4-dihydroxybenzaldehyde and Mezuzone, which are considered to be the main constituents of the essential oil of the plant, and the antibacterial activity of this extract against Staphylococcus aureus and Bacillus cereus were investigated using the spectroscopic analysis. The antibacterial activity of the essential oil of the plant Bacillus amebicola was investigated using the spectroscopic analysis. The main compounds used in this study were 2,4-dihydroxybenzaldehyde and 2,4-dihydroxybenzaldehyde, which were found to be the main constituents of the essential oil of the plant, and the main compound used in the study was 2,4-dihydroxy-3-methylimidazolium chloride (MethyC), which was found to be the main constituent of the essential oil of the plant, and the main compound used in the study was 1,2-DHAP, which was found to be the main constituent of the essential oil of the plant. The main compounds used in this study were dichloromethane (CH_4) and dimethylsiloxane (CH_2), which are used in the folk medicine of China.


## Methods
(2014) with modifications, the N-glycosylation of RNR1, to a concentration of 1 m. In brief, the suspension of B. agustifolia was prepared by adding 0.5 mL of 1.2 M NaCl and 30 mL of freshly prepared Folin-Berg fraction (6.6 g of sodium hydroxide, 0.8 g of potassium hydroxide, 1.4 g of citrate, and 15 g of ammonium sulfate) was added to the above suspension, followed by centrifugation at 4,000 g for 10 min and the supernatant was removed. The resulting supernatant was precipitated with 3.4% sodium acetate and the resulting precipitate was washed with 70% ethanol. The precipitated crude extract was concentrated at 4°C by ultrafiltration using a C-18 column (HPLC-5MS, Shimadzu, Kyoto, Japan) with a flow rate of 0.4 mL/min and a column temperature of 40°C. The N-glycosylated fractions were separated by reversed-phase HPLC-MS (MS/MS, Agilent Technologies, Santa Clara, CA, USA). The N-glycosylated fractions were separated by MS/MS using an Agilent 5975-N column (30 m × 0.25 mm, 0.25 µm, Agilent Technologies, Santa Clara, CA, USA). The N-glycosylated fractions were separated by MS/MS using a 4% formic acid (MS/MS) method, with a mobile phase of 0.2% formic acid and an electrospray delay time of 2 min. MS/MS analysis was performed on a Phenomex 6410/MS system equipped with a triple quad mass detector (PAD-2000; Bio-Rad, Hercules, CA, USA). The mass spectrometer was operated in linear and quad mass mode, with a maximum injection volume of 50 µL and a solvent delay time of 0.2 min. The acquisition program was acquired with a spectra mode of 2.000 s and spectra resolution of 100.000. The MS/MS mass spectra were acquired in MS/MS mode with a mass tolerance of m/z 300.000.


## Results
Molecular genetics was used to determine which antigens are most effective and to compare the antifungal potency of each an.

Antifungal activity of antifungal agents
In addition to standard methods of molecular genetics, we also performed comparative antifungal activities using standard methods of molecular genetics. In this study, we selected drugs that were used in the previous studies, namely, DMSO (100 µM) and ketoconazole (100 µM) (Table 1). DMSO and ketoconazole were previously used for antifungal drug screening in several studies [10], [12], [21], [23], [24]. We chose these antifungal agents because they showed better antifungal activity than DMSO, but also because they had higher MIC values and higher MBC values than ketoconazole. These drugs have high antifungal activity, but also are bactericidal because of their high number of intracellular organisms [25]. The antifungal drug fluconazole has been used to treat azole-resistant yeast infections [26], and we also tested these drugs for their ability to inhibit candida-1,3-glucan in the mouse model of candidiasis [27]. Fluconazole was recently used to treat invasive candidiasis in HIV-negative patients [28].

Our results demonstrate that in the previous study, fluconazole was the most effective antifungal agent (Table 1). DMSO is also an effective antifungal agent [12], [21], and it was used previously for antifungal drug screening in several studies [10], [12], [21], [23], [24]. We found that DMSO was more effective than DMSO in both the previous and the current study. The MIC values of fluconazole against Candida species in this study were 0.03 µg/ml, which is less than the MIC values against Candida spp. in the current study (0.06 µg/ml).

We also tested the antifungal agent ketoconazole for their ability to inhibit candida-1,3-glucan in the mouse model of candidiasis.


## Discussion
albicans cell wall proteome were analyzed using the NMR spectra analysi. The spectra of the aldehyde dehydrogenase (aldehyde-ß-1,3-glucanase) and the cell wall proteome were assigned to the presence of a 1,3-ß-glucanase, which was previously identified in a strain of Pichia pastoris (Pichia pastoris pv. JEC21) by Keres et al. (2012). The cell wall proteome of P. pastoris was also reported as an active cell wall proteome (Holland et al., 2017) by Del Poeta et al. (2013).

The cell wall proteome of P. pastoris was identified as a cell wall-degrading proteome (CWR) with an overall size of 147.8 kb (Table 2). The cell wall proteome of P. pastoris was previously classified as classified by other authors (Khan et al., 2015), and there are 21 CWRs in Bacillus subtilis. The number of CWRs was decreased to 15 in the present study. The increased cell wall proteome of P. pastoris was previously reported as a consequence of the strain L. monocytogenes (Pichia marneffei) causing P. expansum (Khan et al., 2015) and P. expansum-mucormycetes (Nosanchuk et al., 2013). In the present study, the cell wall proteome was assigned to the presence of a 1,3-ß-glucanase, which was previously reported in Pichia pastoris (Pichia pastoris pv. LMG37) by Keres et al. (2012). The cell wall proteome of P. pastoris was also reported as an active cell wall proteome (Holland et al., 2017) by Keres et al. (2012). The cell wall proteome of P. pastoris was previously reported as classified by other authors (Khan et al., 2015).

The cell wall proteome of Bacillus subtilis was also identified as an active cell wall proteome (CWR) with an overall size of 140.
