# Molecular Characterization of a Fungal Mitochondrial Protein Kinase in Yeasts
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Bacterial meningitis is a well-defined, life threatening disease, and associated disease. Current treatment options are not effective and/or drugs that are toxic are ineffective. This study aimed to evaluate the performance of three rifampin/lamivudine combination therapies (rifampin, doxorubicin, and tebuopolenfluramine) in patients with suspected bacterial meningitis and to explore the impact of antibiotic discontinuation and/or discontinuation combination on the clinical profile, microbiological features, and therapeutic outcomes. In this multicenter, open-label study, 302 consecutive patients with culture proven meningitis were randomly assigned to receive rifampin or lamivudine and two unlubed rifampin/lamivudines plus an equivalent of doxorubicin and an equivalent of doxorubicin and an equivalent of tebuopolenfluramine. Eighteen patients (18%) had microbiological evidence of meningitis, of which 10 (26%) were microbiologically confirmed.


## Introduction
graminearum mitochondrial respiratory chain (MRC) and mitochondria-resident proteins such as fusarium-related proteins, . aureus-related proteins and mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) [5], [7], [8]. These studies have demonstrated that mitochondrial proteins can participate in fungal growth and development [9], [10].

The ability of yeast to switch from the aerobic to the anaerobic metabolite conversion process is a key factor that underpins the virulence of many fungal species [7], [11]. The aerobic metabolite form, the metabolite produced by the yeast, is produced by the enzyme glycerol <U+0394>-3-monooxygenase (GMPO) [12]. The GMPO is a major glycerol-permeable component of the mitochondrial membrane and secreted to the cell [13], [14]. The uptake of GMPO by the respiratory chain is mediated by a glycerol-dependent uptake mechanism, the glycerol-dependent uptake of acetyl-CoA by the respiratory chain and the acetyl-CoA-dependent uptake of glycerol by the anaerobic step. In contrast, the anaerobic metabolism form, the anaerobic metabolism form, takes glucuronic acid, ester glucuronic acid and the other carbon sources, and produces glycerol and trehalose [15]. However, how the anaerobic and anaerobic metabolic pathways can influence fungal growth and development, is not well understood.

The mycelial form of P. aeruginosa, P. aeruginosa, and Cryptococcus neoformans is the most prevalent fungal pathogen of humans and is responsible for 15% of all acquired fungal infections [16]. In fact, cryptococcal infections are the third leading cause of hospital-acquired infection in the United States [17], [18]. Cryptococcus neoformans is a major cause of severe cryptococcal meningoencephalitis in immunocompromised patients, as well as in patients undergoing antiretroviral therapy [19]. This fungus is found in the environment as a saprophyte in soil and in patients with hematologic malignancies or on solid tumors.


## Methods
The pCCL-3' pCCL-3' pCCL-3' pCCL-3' pCCL-3' pCCL-3' plasmid pKAR-F(2) was transformed with a pCCL-3' pCCL-3' pCCL-3' pCCL-3' (Sakura, Shiga, Japan) and pKAR-F(2) transformed with a pCCL-3' pCCL-3' pCCL-3' (Sakura, Shiga, Japan) to construct pKAR2-F(2. The pKAR-F(2) was transformed with a pCCL-3' pCCL-3' pCCL-3' pCCL-3' (Sakura, Shiga, Japan) and pKAR-F(2) transformed with a pCCL-3' pCCL-3' (Sakura, Shiga, Japan) to construct pKAR3-F(2). The pKAR3-F(2) was transformed with a pCCL-3' pCCL-3' pCCL-3' (Sakura, Shiga, Japan) to construct pKAR5-F(2). The pKAR5-F(2) was transformed with a pCCL-3' pCCL-3' (Sakura, Shiga, Japan) and pKAR5-F(2) transformed with a pCCL-3' pCCL-3' (Sakura, Shiga, Japan) to construct pKAR7-F(2).


## Results
We identified a PKS in the mitochondrial genome of . cerevisiae (Ch. 5, Fig 1) and then searched the mitochondrial genome of S. cerevisiae for the PKS in this yeast. The PKS was identified by using the BLASTp tool against the KEGG and BlastP database. The PKS in this yeast is named the PKS-Kinase, and it has high homology to a yeast PKS-PKS complex from C. albicans. The PKS in the yeast is named the PKS-Kinase KCA. In the C. albicans genome, PKS KCA is the most highly conserved group among fungal species. In the Saccharomyces cerevisiae genome, PKS KCA has the highest homology (61% identity) to the yeast PKS (60% identity), and the Saccharomyces cerevisiae PKS has the highest identity (76% identity) to the yeast PKS (59% identity). In other fungi, the PKS has been shown to have low conservation, and PKS proteins from fungi and other eukaryotes have been shown to be extremely diverged (reviewed in [10]). We found that the PKS has diverged from the Saccharomyces cerevisiae PKS in three protein kinase (PKS) clusters (Table 2). All of these three PKS clusters are likely to be involved in adaptation to different environmental conditions, i.e., osmotolerance, nutrient limitation, and heat stress.

A Comparison of the Differential Expression of the PKS in the Three PKS Cluster
The PKS and the Saccharomyces cerevisiae PKS were found to be highly expressed in the three yeast PKS clusters, and the high PKS homology was highly conserved across all three PKS clusters (Table 2). The PKS homology in the three yeast PKS clusters was more than 99% homology (Table 2). The PKS in the three PKS clusters was found to be highly expressed in the three yeast PKS clusters. In contrast, the PKS in the yeast PKS was highly expressed in the three yeast PKS clusters (Table 2). The PKS homology in the yeast PKS cluster was less than 99% homology (Table 2).


## Discussion

Genome–wide comparison of fungal mitochondrial proteins
The mitochondrial protein kinase pathway is a multi-gene network of interdependent processes, including transcriptional, translational, and post-translational modifications [17], [26. The mitochondrial protein kinase pathway includes two important components, the mitochondrial protein kinase (MpK) and the mitochondrial protein phosphatase (MpPK) [43]. The PK is a component of the mitochondrial protein kinase complex and the PK is involved in the mitotic and cytoplasmic steps of the signaling cascade. The PK is present in the mitochondria of both the yeast and the filamentous fungal species, whereas the PK is absent in yeast and the filamentous fungi [43]. Here we show that the PK in S. cerevisiae is present in the mitochondrial protein kinase pathway.

Genome–wide comparison of fungal mitochondrial proteins
The fungal mitochondrial protein kinase pathway consists of two main subunits, PkC and PkD, which are present in the fungal genomes and are respectively present in the Aspergilli [44]. The PkC is a homologue of S. cerevisiae PkD, which is encoded by the mating-type locus [45]. The PkD is a pheromone, a potent inhibitor of pheromone-1 (also known as pheromone-2) and pheromone-2 (also known as pheromone-3) in S. cerevisiae and S. pombe [46]. The PkD is a mitochondrial protein kinase, the mitochondrial PkC is an enzyme involved in the co-factor-substrate pathway and the PkD is a mitochondrial protein phosphatase [47]. The PkD phosphatase is expressed in the cell, in response to stress and during adaptation to a new environment [48].
