# Molecular characterization of G-like protein-Cattase-units in fungi
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The importance of the basidiomycete Cryptococcus neoformans for the establishment of invasive pulmonary infections has been well established. However, the role of this yeast in infection by other fungi has not been clarified. In this study, we characterized the transcriptome of C. neoformans obtained from the culture filtrates of infected wild type (WT) mice and comparison with the transcriptome of WT mice infected with A. fumigatus. A. fumigatus transcriptome was characterized by enrichment with high-affinity visualization technologies, as well as in-depth analyses of gene expression data. A total of 12,760 differentially expressed genes (DEGs) were identified, and their functional roles included metal ion metabolism, protein synthesis, signal transduction, regulation of cell growth and differentiation, protein degradation, signal transduction and transport, and transport among others. This study provides a comprehensive analysis of the transcriptome of C. neoformans and the gene expression profiles of infected mouse and WT mice. Our results reveal that C. neoformans has a significant effect on gene expression of C. albicans, and it was able to downregulate many of these genes in infected mice. The results of our study suggest that the copper metabolism pathway of C.


## Introduction
For example, in Saccharomyces cerevisiae G-like proteins have been shown to be essential for viability in a murine model of invasive candidiasi. In C. albicans, G-like proteins have been shown to promote biofilm formation, a process that involves the expression of adhesins (Fröhlich and Fröhlich, 2004; Læssøe et al., 2007; Fröhlich and Fröhlich, 2008; Fröhlich and Fröhlich, 2010). In U. maydis, the role of G-like proteins in virulence has been demonstrated through the expression of genes encoding for phospholipase C and for adhesin (Fröhlich and Fröhlich, 2004). The role of G-like proteins in the growth of C. albicans was demonstrated by the expression of two C. albicans G-like proteins (Fröhlich and Fröhlich, 2004) and the expression of the G-1 protein (Fröhlich and Fröhlich, 2008). In the yeast pathogen Cryptococcus neoformans, G-1 proteins have been shown to function in virulence in murine models of infection (Fröhlich and Fröhlich, 2004). In C. albicans, G-1 proteins have also been shown to be involved in the adhesion of yeast cells to the host surfaces (Davoli et al., 2006). In addition, G-1 proteins have also been shown to contribute to the virulence of C. neoformans by influencing the number and integrity of the adhesin (Fröhlich and Fröhlich, 2008).

The role of G-1 proteins in virulence has been demonstrated in several fungal pathogens including C. albicans (Schwein) Wirzle and colleagues (Fröhlich and Fröhlich, 2004; Nisiotou et al., 2005; Papanikolaou and Sato, 2008; Fröhlich and Fröhlich, 2010; Arzanlou et al., 2012), Aspergillus fumigatus (Papanikolaou and Sato, 2008), and P. brasiliensis (Arzanlou et al., 2012). In A.


## Methods
For DNA extraction, fungal mycelium was crushed and ground in liquid nitrogen with a mortar and pestl. The extracted DNA was then extracted with an enzymatic DNA purification kit (Zymo Research, Orange, CA, USA). The DNA was also extracted from a fungal mycelium grown on MEA and the primers ITS5 and ITS4 [23] were used to amplify the fragment of the internal transcribed spacer region (ITS) of the ribosomal DNA. The primers LR0R and LR5 [24] were used to amplify the region of the rDNA operon spanning the 3’ end of the 28S rDNA, the first internal transcribed spacer (ITS) spanning the first 300 bases of the 28S rDNA, and the second 300 bases of the 3’ end of the 28S rDNA. The primers ß-tubulin (TUB) and ß-tubulase (TUB-ß) [25] were used to amplify the region of the cytoplasm between the rDNA operon and the translation elongation factor 1-a gene of the translation elongation factor 1-a (tef1) using primers T2 and T3 [26] and primers GAPDH and GAPDH-B [27] for the LSU rDNA.

PCR was performed with an ABI Prism 7300 system (Applied Biosystems, Carlsbad, CA, USA) and the sequences of all primers and amplification conditions are listed in Table 1. The PCR product was purified by agarose gel electrophoresis. The purified PCR product was then sequenced using the ABI PRISM BigDye^® Terminator v3.1 Cycle Sequencing Kit (Applied Biosystems, Foster City, CA, USA). The gene-specific primers (Table 1) were designed and synthesized in the Geneious^® software v. 8.0.5.3 (Biomatters, Auckland, New Zealand). The PCR products were then sequenced and the sequences were then assembled and aligned using the program MUSCLE v3.6 [28] and then edited in Geneious^®. The alignments were then exported to PyMOL v.


## Results
The enzyme activity was measured by HPLC-MS and the protein activity was measured by LC-MS (Fig 5a, b. The protein activity of the G-like protein-Cattase in Trichoderma reesei was similar to that of the G-like protein-Cattase in F. verticillioides. The activity of the G-like protein-Cattase in F. verticillioides was found to be 10-fold higher than that in F. oxysporum (Fig 5c). In contrast, the activity of the G-like protein-Cattase in F. oxysporum was much lower than that of the G-like protein-Cattase in F. verticillioides. In the case of the G-like protein-Cattase in F. oxysporum, the enzyme activity was found to be 10-fold higher than that in F. verticillioides. In contrast, the activity of the G-like protein-Cattase in F. verticillioides was very low compared to that of the G-like protein-Cattase in F. oxysporum. The results showed that the enzyme activity of the G-like protein-Cattase in F. verticillioides was much lower than that in F. oxysporum.

Molecular characterization of G-like protein-Cattase in fungi
G-like protein-Cattase is a long-lived enzyme that can be easily digested and purified from the supernatant of living cells (8). It is an efficient enzyme with a high degree of unsaturation (9). The G-like protein-Cattase activity in F. verticillioides was found to be 3.9-fold higher than that in F. oxysporum (Fig 6). The activity of the G-like protein-Cattase in F. verticillioides was higher than that in F. oxysporum. In contrast, the activity of the G-like protein-Cattase in F.


## Discussion
albicans melanin-like protein-Cattase-units (Mka-like) [14. This study reported the molecular characterization of Mka-like Cattase-units (Mka-like) in C. albicans. The Mka-like Cattases were isolated from M. oryzae and C. neoformans and their structural features were further characterized by the co-immunoprecipitation with melanin. The molecular structures of C. albicans Mka-like Cattases from C. albicans and C. neoformans were confirmed by the co-immunoprecipitation with melanin.

Mka-like Cattases in C. albicans and C. neoformans have been investigated by biochemical analysis with the isolation of the enzyme from the cell wall of C. albicans. Although the C. albicans Mka-like Cattase-units have been characterized in the present study, it has not been reported on the cell wall of C. neoformans. The isolation of the C. neoformans Mka-like Cattase-units from C. albicans has been reported by the molecular characterization of the C. albicans melanin-like Cattases. In this study, the Mka-like Cattase-units were identified by the biochemical analysis of the protein-Cattase-type protein-Cattase-type. The Mka-like Cattases were purified and purified and subjected to DNA-based molecular docking. In addition, C. albicans and C. neoformans Mka-like Cattases were identified.

In the present study, the Mka-like Cattases were identified by the biochemical analysis of the protein-Cattase-type. The Mka-like Cattases were purified and subjected to DNA-based molecular docking. In addition, C. albicans Mka-like Cattases were identified.

The Mka-like Cattases were identified by the biochemical analysis of the protein-Cattase-type. The Mka-like Cattases were purified and subjected to DNA-based molecular docking. In addition, C. albicans Mka-like Cattases were identified.
