# Molecular Analysis of Fungal Extracellular Vesicles during Their Main Transcriptional Transcriptional Adhesion Genes Explain their Proliferation and Deletion in Fungal Cells
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Bacterial biofilm provides protection against the impacts of environmental factors, such as heat or cold, on the integrity of the biofilm. Biofilms formed during environmental breakdown are known as biofilm-like, and are capable of trapping and disrupting invading microorganisms before entering the host body. Biofilms are commonly detected at the site of infection by bacterial biofilms that penetrate the bloodstream and enter the host tissues. Biofilms are detected from sites as diverse as the prostate (prostate carcinoma), lungs, blood vessels, the colon, the lungs and the colon cancer cells. The presence of bacterial biofilms and their ability to adhere to epithelial cells are indicative of the presence of innate immune cells, such as dendritic cells and regulatory T cells, that are primed to kill these biofilms. However, there is no report regarding the biofilm-like biofilms’ ability to kill otherwise resistant biofilms. In this study, we analyzed the biofilm-like potential of three clinical isolates of the key Escherichia coli subtype, MRSA, and one Ugandan isolate, JV, to kill the bacterial biofilm. We found that MRSA possessed superior ability to penetrate biofilms and was able to adhere to epithelial cells in vitro. Furthermore, MRSA biofilms were highly persistent in the lung, leading to death in mice infected with MRSA. Our results demonstrate that MRSA biofilms are highly persistent in the lung after exposure to heat or heat shock, suggesting that this stress may trigger biofilm formation and their activation. Our results provide a mechanism by which MRSA may cause lung cancer and provide a model for the interactions between these environmental strains. Our work is a first step towards understanding the potential of biofilms as an in vivo model system for the responses of the immune system to heat or heat to infection, and provides a model that may be used to understand the immune responses to these stresses in humans.


## Introduction
The human body has a complex set of symbiotic microorganisms that perform important roles in the maintenance of the body and function. The natural symbionts of microbes are characterized by the ability to interact with the host, whereas the microbial antagonistic microorganisms are obligate mutualists and mutualists-in-exile, which allow the host to colonize the microbes [1,2]. In nature, the fungal species associated with the host are important factor that facilitate colonization of microbes in the host.

In the host-microbe interactions, the host induces the formation of the symbiotic microorganism which includes several proteins which are involved in the host response and are involved in the main processes of the host, such as cell invasion, nutrient uptake, and destruction of the host [3]. The host can also induce the formation of extracellular molecules, such as outer membrane vesicles (OMVs), which are not only associated with the host but can also be released into the extracellular space [4]. In addition, some fungi are able to produce a variety of extracellular molecules such as peptides, lipids, enzymes and antimicrobial peptides (AMPs) [5].

Among the major extracellular molecules present in fungal and oomycete cells is a series of peptides known as glucan and ß-glucan, which are mainly expressed by the fungal pathogen Histoplasma [6]. The structures of these peptides are characterized by their N-terminal sequences. The N-terminal peptides are present in different species of fungi, including Histoplasma capsulatum, C. albicans, C. neoformans and C. glabrata. In C. albicans the glucan and ß-glucan chains are organized on the surface of the cell membrane, while the ß-glucan chains are located in the cell wall and the ß-glucan is present in the cytoplasm. The polysaccharide structures and structure of the peptides are dependent on the environmental conditions and the cell-surface epitopes of the fungus [7]. The structural structures of the peptides are highly conserved in different fungi, which can be used for different purposes.


## Methods
 2014. FMM includes all the subcellular regions of the FVM and the cell wall of FVM. Subcellular regions, including the nucleus and interspersed regions, and the associated extracellularly-derived FVM (ECM) were identified from previous studies of P. carinii (Zhang et al., 2012).


## Results
The ability of the fungus to accumulate extracellular vesicles was investigated by the presence of extracellular vesicles in the hyphae and in conidia of the zebrafish, which are typically used for the pathoge. The fungus can accumulate extracellular vesicles in hyphae and in conidia of the zebrafish. The fungus can accumulate extracellular vesicles in the extracellular region in the hyphae and in conidia of the zebrafish. The extracellular vesicles were detected in the extracellular region in the hyphae and in conidia of the zebrafish.


## Discussion
 2015), . glabrata (Brown et al., 2014), and M. oryzae (Holland et al., 2014). We found that endocytic and endocytic vesicles were present in the fungal cells and exhibited a high degree of expression in the yeast cell. We found that endocytic and endocytic vesicles expressed the same number of genes in yeast and in C. albicans, respectively. This was due to the fact that the endocytic vesicles were expressed in the yeast cells, as well as in C. glabrata. Interestingly, our results showed that endocytic vesicles were also expressed in the C. albicans cells. In addition, the endocytic vesicles were expressed in the yeast cells and expressed in C. glabrata, as well as in C. glabrata cells, and expressed in C. albicans. These results showed that the endocytic vesicles were expressed in C. albicans.

The expression of genes encoding the cell wall degrading enzymes and glycosidases was induced by endocytic vesicles and was also detected in the yeast cells. The expression of genes encoding the cell wall degrading enzymes and glycosidases was also detected in the yeast cells. The expression of genes encoding the cell wall degrading enzymes and glycosidases was also detected in the yeast cells. The expression of genes encoding the cell wall degrading enzymes and glycosidases was also detected in the yeast cells. It has been reported that endocytic vesicles are induced by cell wall degrading enzymes and glycosidases (Holland et al., 2014). In addition, C. albicans cells exhibited high expression of genes encoding the cell wall degrading enzymes and glycosidases. The expression of genes encoding the cell wall degrading enzymes and glycosidases was also detected in the yeast cells. These results indicated that the endocytic vesicles were induced by cell wall degrading enzymes and glycosidases. The results indicated that the endocytic vesicles were induced by cell wall degrading enzymes and glycosidases.
