# Multi-Factorial-Guided Media Optimization for Enhanced Biomass and Lipid Formation by the Oleaginous Yeast Cutaneotrichosporon oleaginosus
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Rhodosporidium toruloides is a red-to-white (TR) hybrid with a high biotechnological potential and an attractive general purpose bacterium. To evaluate the virulence traits of selected strains of R. toruloides, two- and three-cell (R. toruloides CdYak) strains were generated. By using the CLSI method, 10,178 mutants were obtained and the resulting mutants were analyzed for phenotypes, gene expression, and virulence. The two- and three-cell strains were used to inoculate R. toruloides. A total of 3,263 transformants were identified, of which, 3,459 had mutations in the genes encoding the protein kinase subunits (PKBs) and membrane components (MCFAs) and the cell wall integrity pathway (CWI) components. The two- and three-cell strains were more virulent than the strains without the mutations in the KEGG pathway (as determined by the sensitivity of CLSI MEX to benzothiazole and the minimum inhibitory concentration of fluconazole). Genes encoding the KEGG pathway were more frequent in the two-cell strains than in the wild-type strain. In addition, the three-cell R.


## Introduction
oleaginosus) is a novel approach to improve oil quality by providing the isolate with water-soluble lipids, and lipid, as well as oil-soluble protein [5,6. In contrast to other yeasts, the S. oleaginosus isolate has a large genome and an abundant lipid arsenal, especially for lipid-rich lipid membranes [6]. The S. oleaginosus lipid repertoire consists of over 3,500 proteins with nearly 1200 of them belonging to proteins from Proteobacteria, Actinobacteria, Bacteria and Chromobacteria, and over 3000 proteins with approximately 10% proteins belonging to the class II proteins, of which 13% were from Proteobacteria [6]. Proteobacteria are part of the microbiota of plants and are not phylogenetically related to fungi [7]. The best studied Proteobacteria are the genus Stenotrophomonas, which is commonly isolated from human skin [8]. Proteobacteria can be classified according to their lipid composition into three groups: Proteobacteria with lipids <U+03C9> 5, the “amoeba group” (P<U+03C9> 5), which includes members of the Protein Proteobacteria (PCPs) group and Phebacteria (PCPs) with lipids <U+03C9> 3, which include members of the Phebacteria group and Phebacteria-like bacteria (PLB) group [9,10]. There are two major classes of lipids present in Phebacteria: polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) [11]. The presence of PUFAs in Phebacteria and MUFA in PCPs is associated with the production of lipids and lipid-enriched metabolites [11]. In addition, there are various types of lipids and lipid-enriched metabolites (lipids and lipoproteins) in Phebacteria: cholesteryl esters (CEs), cholesterol esters (CEs), fatty acids, lutein, arachidonic acid, lactose, and stearic acid [12,13,14,15,16]. The term “lipid” is used to refer to the number of lipids and saturated fatty acids present.


## Methods
The seed medium was prepared in Luria-Bertani (LB) medium (.5 g L^-1) with 2.5 g L^-1 of glucose as carbon source. The top agar layer was covered with a layer of sterile 0.45% sterile 0.45% Tween 80, and the media was poured into a Petri dish, and the glass slide was placed in a sterile 8 mm diameter Petri dish.

The essential oil was filtered through a 0.22 µm-pore filter (Millipore, Burlington, MA, USA) and was then filtered through a 0.22 µm-pore filter (Millipore) to remove un-sterile components. The filter was then placed in a Petri dish and the essential oil was filtered through a 0.22 µm-pore filter. The essential oil was then filtered through a 0.22 µm-pore filter to remove un-sterile components. The essential oil was then filtered through a 0.22 µm-pore filter to remove un-sterile components. Finally, the filter was washed twice with distilled water, and the essential oil was further filtered through a 0.22 µm-pore filter. The essential oil was then filtered through a 0.22 µm-pore filter to remove un-sterile components. Finally, the essential oil was then filtered through a 0.22 µm-pore filter to remove un-sterile components. The total amount of essential oil was then estimated using a Shimadzu UV-visible spectrophotometer (Shimadzu, Kyoto, Japan).

The methodology used for determination of the biomass and lipid production of the essential oil was based on a similar method described by J. A. Adelson [19]. The essential oil was diluted in a 10% (w/w) dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO) solution (0.2% w/w) and then added to the 8 ml of 0.45% (w/w) DMSO solution. The solution was then poured into a Petri dish, and the glass slide was placed in a sterile 8 mm diameter Petri dish.


## Results
The <U+0394>cpcA mutant, which lacks the native CpGAP1 gene, was used as a template to validate its enhanced biomass production (Fig 6B. The <U+0394>cpcA mutant obtained from this strain displayed a growth defect under iron-replete conditions, which was complemented with the cpcA-neoformans construct (Fig 6C). The <U+0394>cpcA mutant was also shown to produce less lipids, which was rescued by the cpcA-neoformans construct (Fig 6D). This complemented strain also produced less biomass and lipid peroxidation, which was partially complemented by the cpcA-neoformans construct (Fig 6E). These results indicate that, in addition to its reduced biomass, the <U+0394>cpcA mutant exhibits enhanced lipid peroxidation, which was partially complemented by the cpcA-neoformans construct.

Heterologous CpGAP1 is Required for Accumulation of Lipid peroxidation and Nitrogen Accumulation in the Cell Wall
To investigate whether CpGAP1 is required for lipid peroxidation in the <U+0394>cpcA mutant, the <U+0394>cpcA mutant was cultured in a broth microdilution assay in the presence or absence of iron, which is iron-dependent [11]. The <U+0394>cpcA mutant produced significantly less peroxidase activity, which was rescued by the cpcA-neoformans construct (Fig 7A). The peroxide produced by the cpcA-neoformans construct was subsequently confirmed by flow cytometry (Fig 7B). The <U+0394>cpcA mutant also exhibited a greater accumulation of peroxide than the wild-type strain (Fig 7C). These data suggest that the CpGAP1 gene is required for both peroxide and peroxide accumulation in the cell wall of the <U+0394>cpcA mutant.


## Discussion
In this study, the combined nutrient limitation (FMPR) and nutrient limitation-based treatments (NFS) were applied to enhance the biomass yield by oleaginous yeast, respectively, by applying a combined nutrient limitation (MFC) and a combination of nutrient limitation (MFC) and NF. The combined nutrient limitation (MFC) and NFS were successfully applied in the combination of a combined nutrient limitation (NFS) with a combination of nutrient limitation (MFC) and NFS in combination with a combined nutrient limitation (MFC-NFS). As shown in Table 1, the combined nutrient limitation (MFC) and NFS resulted in a total biomass of 0.06 g/L in total oleagenic biomass, which was 4.16% higher than the biomass yield of a yeast grown on a nutrient-limited medium (0.02 g/L) by Oleaginous Yeast. The biomass yield was 0.37 g/g in the combined nutrient limitation (MFC) and NFS, which was 5.02% higher than the biomass yield of a yeast grown on a nutrient-limited medium (0.05 g/g) by Oleaginous Yeast. However, a total biomass of 1.68 g/L was achieved when the combined nutrient limitation (MFC) and NFS were applied. A combination of nutrient limitation (MFC) and NFS resulted in a total biomass of 2.49 g/L in total oleagenic biomass, which was 4.29% higher than the biomass yield of a yeast grown on a nutrient-limited medium (0.02 g/g) by Oleaginous Yeast. In this study, the combined nutrient limitation (MFC) and NFS resulted in a total biomass of 0.06 g/g in total oleagenic biomass, which was 4.28% higher than the biomass yield of a yeast grown on a nutrient-limited medium (0.02 g/g) by Oleaginous Yeast.

The combined nutrient limitation (MFC) and NFS resulted in a total biomass of 0.09 g/g in total oleagenic biomass, which was 4.42% higher than the biomass yield of a yeast grown on a nutrient-limited medium (0.
