# NADPH Oxidase-Driven N-Acetylation Is a Proactive Mechanism Underpins the Apicomosynaceae Milte Fungal Pathogen Resistance
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The production of bacterial secreted proteins requires the production of an extracellular matrix, which is composed of extracellular polymeric substances and other components that are often associated with pathogenesis. However, the extracellular matrix of Bacillus cereus is difficult to prepare using traditional methods and therefore bacterial culture methods are required. Here, we have employed a method using a bacteriostatic manipulation technique to obtain the bacterial secretome from Bacillus velezensis YL, an antagonist of P. aeruginosa. By using these methods, we created a bacterial cell mass of only ~10% by weight. Mass spectrometry of the surface of the mass showed that the protein products were made predominantly from polysaccharides, not hemolytic enzymes. The surface proteome of the mass was determined by using an iTRAQ-based colorimetric method and verified by reverse transcription quantitative real-time PCR (RT-qPCR). After optimizing the protein secretion profile, two polysaccharides, HMG-1a and HMG-1b, were isolated from this bacteriostatic mass. In silico analysis and T-RFLP analysis, we found HMG-1a to be a potent inhibitor of peptide import and cleavage, and it was further demonstrated that HMG-1a was capable of inhibiting the activity of a long- terminal peptide deacetylase. To our knowledge, this is the first report of the activity of HMG-1a against P. aeruginosa and a previously unreported HMG-1 protein inhibitor, Hap3. These results provide a tool for a future role of HMG-1a in the regulation of bacterial secreted proteins, especially secreted peptides from P. aeruginosa.


## Introduction
For centuries, fungi have provided a source of animal and human food [1]. While the food source is plants and microorganisms, such as fungi and bacteria, the microbial products have been produced by humans and animals [2].


## Methods
albicans ATCC 14054 was used in the experiment. The C. albicans strains were cultured on Sabouraud agar plates (Difco Laboratories, Detroit, MI) containing 1% of L-DOPA for 24 h at 37 °C and used as inoculum. The cultures were then diluted to an OD_600 of 0.4 in 0.1% L-DOPA and grown to an OD_600 of 0.5. The cultures were shaken at 30 °C and 200 rpm in an orbital shaker at 200 rpm for 24 h. To induce N-Acetylation, a cell suspension (10^6 CFU/mL) of C. albicans was added to a 2.0 mL centrifuge tube and the supernatant was removed. The samples were centrifuged at 10,000 rpm for 10 min and the supernatant was transferred to another tube. The cells were centrifuged again and the pellet containing N-Acetylated cells was resuspended in PBS (pH 7.0). The cell suspension was sonicated for 10 s at maximum power (Power Wave) and centrifuged at 10,000 rpm for 5 min. The supernatant was removed and the pellet containing N-Acetylated cells was resuspended in PBS.

To determine whether there is a mechanism of resistance to C-terminal NADPH, a cell suspension (10^7 CFU/mL) of C. albicans was inoculated into 1.0 mL of 0.5% Tween 80 (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO) and incubated at 37 °C for 24 h. The cells were centrifuged at 10,000 rpm for 10 min and the supernatant was removed. The cells were lysed with 1 mL of 0.5% sodium dodecyl sulfate (SDS) (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO) and the supernatant was removed. The lysate was centrifuged at 10,000 rpm for 10 min and the supernatant was removed. The lysate was dissolved in 50 µL of 0.


## Results
albicans isolates isolated from the oral cavity of mice showed the presence of a large number of genes encoding putative genes involved in fungal pathogenicity, fungal virulence, and fungal pathogenicity (Table 2. The C. albicans isolates were previously isolated from blood and brain of the model mice model [6]. The isolates were also isolated from experimental and clinical samples of the model human clinical model [5]. Although C. albicans isolates were isolated from blood, brain, and lung, the C. albicans isolates were isolated from experimental and clinical samples of the model human clinical model. The C. albicans isolates were also isolated from experimental and clinical samples of the model mouse model [5].

In order to determine whether C. albicans is an obligate pathogen of humans, we first analyzed the pathogenicity of C. albicans isolates in the mouse model of infection. The C. albicans isolates were obtained from the oral cavity of a male (n = 9) and the mice were injected with 100 mg/kg of G418 B12/0.5 ml of 10% O_2 and subsequently sacrificed at days 21 and 22 post-infection (Figure 3). The pathogenicity of the C. albicans isolates was shown to be comparable to that of the human isolates. The results demonstrated that the C. albicans isolates were resistant to the antifungal agents tested, and the C. albicans isolates were able to colonize and cause oral cavity infections.

Biological Study of C. albicans Isolates
The results of the differentially expressed genes (DEGs) and biological process (BPP) of the C. albicans isolates are shown in Table 3. The DEGs and BPP of the C. albicans isolates were determined by quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR) and gene expression analyses were performed using the quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR). The results showed that all the C. albicans isolates were able to cause oral cavity infections and their DEGs were significantly up-regulated (Table 3). These results indicated that the C. albicans isolates were able to colonize and cause oral cavity infections in humans.


## Discussion
Oxidative stress leads to the accumulation of a number of metabolites that can be produced by some fung. For example, several plant pathogens, such as Plasmodium falciparum, have been identified as potential pathogens of plants, and may be able to produce oxalate in the rhizosphere [29]. The plant pathogen M. oryzae, which has been reported to be resistant to abiotic stress [30] can also synthesize oxalate and produce a variety of metabolites that aid in plant growth, such as ß-lactam [31], which has been reported as a potent antioxidant [32]. Thus, the possibility that the activity of PAMPs in P. tomentosa has been abrogated due to the reduced activity of PAMPs in the roots of P. tomentosa has been investigated.

The expression of genes involved in the biosynthesis of secondary metabolites was induced by PAMPs, but not by PAMPs, in the rhizosphere and rhizoplane roots, which were similar in expression levels of genes involved in secondary metabolism, such as genes encoding genes involved in the biosynthesis of pyranose (phosphocholine dehydrogenase) and xylan (pectin-3-enolpyruvic acid synthase). In the rhizosphere, genes encoding enzymes involved in the biosynthesis of the metabolites A1, D1, A2, and D2 of pyranose, ß-glucuronate, and xylan were also induced. As a result, the expression of genes involved in the biosynthesis of the metabolites A1, D1, A2, and D2 of pyranose, ß-glucuronate, and xylan was significantly up-regulated, as were genes encoding genes involved in the biosynthesis of the metabolites A2, D2, and D3 of pyranose, ß-glucuronate, and xylan. The increase in the expression of genes involved in the biosynthesis of the metabolites A1, D1, A2, and D3 of pyranose, ß-glucuronate, and xylan was also up-regulated.
