# Nano-Utilization as a Drivers Mechanism driving Expeditive Increase in Cryptococcus neoformans Mass in vitro and in vivo<|endoftext|>
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Cryptococcus gattii is a deadly fungal pathogen that causes ~200,000 deaths per year worldwide. An estimated 2.1 million people are infected by cryptococcosis, and over 600,000 die each year. This global population genetic information is of critical importance for understanding the virulence and pathogenesis of this fungal pathogen.

We studied global population genetic data of C. gattii clinical isolates by using 454 haplotypes (50 strains each) and screening for mutations in the AUGUSTA4C allele (AUGUSTA4C). The 454 strains were from 111 patients with invasive cryptococcosis, from which ~10,000 deaths occur annually. We performed multi-locus sequence typing (MLST) to identify the genetic variation among AUGUSTA4C and AUGUSTA4C clinical isolates. The AUGUSTA4C/AUGUSTA4C MLST data were compared to C. gattii isolates from 140 other clinical isolates and from a reference strain, which was restricted to Australia and New Zealand.

We observed a significant increase in the number of mutations in the AUGUSTA4C and AUGUSTA4C/AUGUSTA4C MLST haplotypes compared to the AUGUSTA4C/AUGUSTA4C MLST data. There were significantly more heterozygous (P<0.001) and diploid (P<0.001) isolates in our study compared to the AUGUSTA4C/AUGUSTA4C MLST data. The diploid/diploid C. gattii population was significantly increased in all patients examined. There were significantly more diploid/dimerin/TLV isolates in patients with invasive cryptococcosis in the AUGUSTA5C MLST data compared to the AUGUSTA4C/AUGUSTA4C MLST data. The AUGUSTA5C/AUGUSTA4C MLST population was significantly increased in all patients with invasive fungal infections.

The prevalence of cryptococcosis in Africa has increased over the past decade and new epidemiological and clinical isolates of the pathogen have recently been losing population. More than 600 new invasive fungal isolates have been described from the Americas and Africa.


## Introduction
The discovery of the ability to grow and reproduce without any intermediary cells in the medium of living cells led to the development of “extraterrestrial culture” as a useful experimental tool [1]. Extraterrestrial culture has been used to study the dynamics of quorum sensing, processes of mating and gene expression in living organisms, and to determine the potential of non-living organisms such as bacteria, fungi, algae and cyanobacteria for efficient and sustainable cultivation of their microbial biocontrol systems [2]. These organisms can be defined as the organisms that live on (or close to) a surface, such as plants, microalgae, algae, marine invertebrates, marine invertebrates and marine plants [3]. Extraterrestrial culture has also been used to monitor the structure and dynamics of the microbiome of living organisms, as well as to evaluate the potential of the microbiota to control and/or sequester nutrients, protect crops and animals, and adapt to climate and seasons [4].

The discovery of culture-independent techniques has brought great interest to the study of fungal and bacterial genetic diversity and the dynamics of environmental growth. These methods allow the ability to study a wide range of microbial groups such as yeasts, bacteria, and viruses, and the study of the dynamics of these groups is currently the most interesting approach in terms of the ability to study the diversity of the microbial community. However, the research on the ability to study microbial diversity without DNA from non-living organisms is still a challenge. DNA from non-living organisms can be exchanged in the laboratory or used as a genetic marker for the study of fungal and bacterial diversity [5]. The ability to study diversity without DNA from living organisms has allowed the researchers to conduct a better understanding of the dynamics of environmental growth and the factors that contribute to this change [6,7].

The ability to study the dynamics of quorum sensing has been studied in two ways: by cultivation-based and culture-independent methods. Culture-based methods have been used to study the dynamics of environmental growth, such as the response to drought conditions and bacteria in water or soil [8,9]. Induced cell death (ICD) is a phenomenon in which cells differentiate into death hyphae and are able to reenter the cell by a process called quorum sensing [10,11]. Quorum sensing is mediated by a conserved family of proteins called quorum-sensing receptors (QSRs).


## Methods
Strains and growth conditions
The strains used in this study are listed in Table 1. All strains were cultured in liquid YPD medium at 30°C until the stationary phase.

Expression of the pyrG gene
A pyrG-EPD cassette was amplified from pJAF1 with primers pyrG-EPD-pyrG and pyrG-EPD-pyrG-EPD-pyrG (Table 1) and transformed into yeast cells by biolistic transformation. The transformants were selected on YPD medium containing 0.5 M sorbitol.


## Results
Overlap of C. neoformans in the gut microbiota with ex-inoculum feeding
To gain insights into the relative contribution of the gut microbiota to in vivo fungal colonization, we analyzed the impact of ex-inoculum feeding on fungal colonization in the gut of C. neoformans during in vivo human colonization. In order to assess the impact of ex-inoculation feeding on the gut microbiota in vivo, we used the same mice (n = 6) that were fed ex-inoculation to characterize the effect of ex-inoculation on the fecal microbiota. Figure 1 illustrates a representative illustration of the gut microbiota of the three mice. The gut microbiota was quantified by two-way ANOVA, with significant differences among groups. The significantly different gut microbiota from groups 1 and 2 (p<0.0001) was determined using the Bray-Curtis dissimilarity index. The difference in abundance of the gut microbiota in group 1 was not significant (p>0.05) and the group 2 differed from group 1 (p = 0.037) in gut composition. The differences in fecal microbiota in group 1 were not statistically significant (p>0.05). Groups 2 and 3 differed from group 1 in both of the measures of abundance of the gut microbiota.

Effect of ex-inoculation feeding on in vivo colonization of C. neoformans

To assess the impact of ex-inoculation feeding on the in vivo colonization of C. neoformans, we compared the in vivo colonization of C. neoformans in the gut microbiota with ex-inoculation feeding. Groups 1 and 2 were used to assess the effect of ex-inoculation feeding on in vivo colonization of C. neoformans. The data were analyzed by comparing the fungal burden in the feces (in terms of CFU/g) of groups 1 and 2, by using the standard Gram stain and using an asymptomatic stool sample as a control. The data were used as controls for the analysis of in vivo colonization and fungal colonization. We observed a significant difference in in the number of CFU/g of the in vivo colonization group 1 compared to group 2 (p<0.0001). The fungal burden in group 1 was significantly (p<0.0001) different from group 2 (p = 0.0041), but the difference was not significant (p = 0.50).


## Discussion
The long-standing question of whether C. neoformans is a true pathogen is of great significance. Despite this challenge, it is still a significant concern. In recent years, several studies have addressed the relationship between C. neoformans and human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection. C. neoformans is most frequently found in immunocompetent individuals, including those with an active HIV infection, with an estimated burden of approximately 12,000,000 individuals (7). The majority of C. neoformans isolates were obtained from patients with HIV infection. It is also common for C. neoformans isolates from HIV infected individuals to occur in areas of endemicity and are more prevalent in tropical and temperate climates (3). Recently, a study in Brazil showed that approximately 40% of C. neoformans isolates from HIV-infected patients in the state of Paraiba were obtained from patients who had been immunocompetent (7). The prevalence of HIV infection in Brazil has increased in recent years, with the majority of cases occurring in the country (3,7). Additionally, there have been several studies that showed that C. neoformans infections were associated with a high prevalence of AIDS (8). HIV infection has been associated with a high risk of C. neoformans disseminated infection (9,10). There have been several studies that have used C. neoformans isolates from patients with AIDS to conduct clinical studies to better understand the risk of C. neoformans infections in immunocompromised patients. A series of 34 patients with HIV infection was found to have a high risk of HIV infection (11). Additionally, a study from Brazil showed that C. neoformans strains in patients with AIDS had an increased risk of HIV infection (12). Additionally, a study from Brazil showed that C. neoformans isolates in patients with HIV infection had an increased risk of HIV infection (13). There have been multiple studies that have found that C. neoformans is more susceptible to antiretroviral therapy and has a higher mortality rate than C. neoformans strains (14). Several studies have also shown that HIV infection is associated with a higher risk of AIDS-related opportunistic infections, such as CMV infection (15). It is also important to highlight that a recent study from Japan found that C. neoformans has a higher risk of opportunistic infection with HIV than C. gattii (16).
