# Natural Killer T Cells of the Gut-Bearing Cell Wall and Neutrophil Extracellular Traps
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
We have previously observed that the development of a cryptococcal infection in patients with hematological malignancies receiving either corticosteroid therapy or corticosteroid therapy was significantly attenuated in response to immunosuppressive agents (colchymal or monocyte only) or immunosuppressive agents or immunosurfosive (IF) during treatment of cryptococcal meningitis. However, the development of a severe form of cryptococcal infection with Cryptococcus neoformans was not closely related to the immunosuppressive treatment. We now have confirmation of this in a patient with pulmonary transplant who developed severe cryptococcal pneumonia and a lung infection with cryptococci associated with fungal growth.

Cryptococcus neoformans is an environmental fungus that can cause cryptococcosis and a severe form of pneumonia in immunocompromised patients. To describe a patient with a severe form of cryptococcal pneumonia who developed cryptococcal pneumonia and a lung infection with cryptococci associated with fungal growth and pulmonary infection with Cryptococcus neoformans in the setting of solid tumors and a solid tumor as a leiomyocardial infarction.

A 52-year-old man with a past medical history of stage 4/5 renal failure presented with staining of a leiomyocardial biopsy suspicious for carcinoma of the renal parenchyma. He was given amphotericin and flucytosine for the treatment of symptoms. However, he had a past medical history of stage 4/5 renal failure, with renal fibrosis associated with a severe lung infection, and he had experienced a recent high-dose of lung smears.


## Introduction
The human body's microbial flora comprises a vast community of microorganisms that are essential for health and disease. The largest population of microbes within our bodies is found in the oral cavity, spleen, liver and gastrointestinal tract. The oral cavity is colonized by around 400 species of microorganisms, which account for approximately 10-25% of the human microbiota (Singh et al., 2017). The human microbiome consists of approximately 22,000 bacteria, 4,700 fungi, and 1,200 viruses, which contribute to the human health, diet and development. There are two main categories of microorganisms in the oral cavity, namely, oral microbiota and microbiota associated with the gastrointestinal tract (GIT). The GIT is a community of bacteria that reside in the oral cavity and are secreted to the oral epithelium by the inhabitants of the gittiains. The oral cavity is colonized by a great number of bacteria, such as Group B Streptococcus (GBS), Haemophilus influenzae (Hib), Propionibacterium acnes (PA), Veillonella spp., Corynebacterium spp., Enterobacter spp., Corynebacterium jirovecii (CE), Pasteurella-producing Escherichia coli and Staphylococcus spp. (Hamel et al., 2009; Singh et al., 2017).


## Methods
These bacteria were maintained in RPMI-1640 medium supplemented with 10% heat-inactivated FBS, 2 mM L-glutamine, 1 mM sodium pyruvate, .3% Penicillin-Streptomycin, and 50 µg/ml streptomycin. The growth of bacteria was observed by optical density measurement at 600 nm. The bacterial cells were plated in 96-well plates and incubated overnight at 37°C with shaking at 200 rpm. The non-bacterial cell wall was removed by washing the medium with RPMI-1640 medium and rinsed with PBS. Then, the bacteria were washed twice with PBS and incubated with the RPMI-1640 medium in RPMI-1640 medium containing 5% heat-inactivated FBS and 1% Penicillin-Streptomycin for 1 h at 37°C. The results were expressed as colony forming units per ml of culture and were expressed as a percentage of the control (negative control).

The Lactobacillus casei strains were cultured in M199 medium (0.5% yeast extract, 0.5% peptone, 0.5% sodium nitrate, 1% non-essential amino acids) at 37°C in a shaking incubator at 200 rpm. For the control (non-bacterial cell wall) samples, cells were grown in M199 medium for 18 h at 37°C. After the cultures were centrifuged at 4,000 rpm for 10 min, the supernatant was discarded, and the cells were suspended in PBS, and the cell wall proteins were collected. The cell wall proteins were separated using SDS-PAGE and transferred to nitrocellulose membrane (GE Healthcare). The membrane was blocked with 10% Triton X-100, 5% skim milk, 1% BSA, 0.01% Tween 20, 0.01% bovine serum albumin, and 0.1% non-essential amino acids, and the membrane was incubated with primary antibody at 37°C for 1 h. After the secondary antibody was developed, the membrane was washed three times with PBS and incubated with HRP-conjugated goat anti-rabbit secondary antibody at 4°C for 1 h.


## Results
Since these bacteria play a key role in maintaining the intestinal barrier, we sought to determine if the gut bacteria and the immune response were involved in the colonization of the intestinal tract and/or in the intestinal barrier itsel.

We have previously reported that C. neoformans is a multinucleated yeast, and the neutrophil-mediated killing of C. neoformans occurs via a distinct subtype of immunity, mononuclear cells (MN) [36]. We next tested whether these cells could colonize the GI tract of mice. We first tested the ability of these cells to enter the GI tract of mice. The vast majority of mice colonized with C. neoformans were neutrophils. The first colonized mice were neutrophils and C. neoformans cells (Figure 7A,B). In contrast, mice infected with C. neoformans were mononuclear cells (MNs) with a median (IQR) of 30 (Figure 7A,B). Next, we tested whether these mononuclear cells could colonize the intestinal tract of the same group of mice. We infected mice with mononuclear cells and we infected the same group of mice with C. neoformans. At the end of the experiment, we did not observe any evidence of interaction between the mononuclear cells and the intestinal barrier (Figure 7C). The presence of mononuclear cells in the gut of mice is consistent with the results of other studies that have shown that mononuclear cells are important for the intestinal barrier in the mouse model [37,38].

We next tested the ability of these mononuclear cells to colonize the intestinal tract of mice by inoculating mice with mononuclear cells and using the same mice. We found that C. neoformans was able to colonize the intestinal tract of mice, although the cell population was not significantly different between the two groups (Figure 7D). These data suggest that mononuclear cells are able to colonize the intestinal tract of mice, although we cannot rule out the possibility that these cells may have a role in the intestinal barrier. However, this is an artifact of our analysis, and the data are not very robust and could be interpreted as artifactual.


## Discussion
 2006; Crous et a., 2006). The cell wall integrity factors (ECs) are involved in the regulation of the activity of the ER, cell wall and plasma membrane of the cell (Byrnes et al., 1999). A total of 1,291 ECs were upregulated in the cell wall integrity factors of the gut-bacterial cell wall (Figure 3A) (Figure 2A), indicating that the cell wall integrity factors of the gut-bacterial cell wall might have a critical role in the pathogenicity of the gut-bacterial cells. The cell wall integrity factors of the gut-bacterial cell wall (ECs) were upregulated in the cell wall integrity factors of the gut-bacterial cell wall (Figure 3B). The cell wall integrity factors (ECs) of the gut-bacterial cell wall are involved in the regulation of the activity of the cell wall and cell membrane (Byrnes et al., 1999; Garcia et al., 2003). The cell wall integrity factors (ECs) of the gut-bacterial cell wall are involved in the regulation of the activity of the cell wall and cell membrane (Byrnes et al., 1999; Garcia et al., 2003). The cell wall integrity factors (ECs) of the gut-bacterial cell wall are involved in the regulation of the activity of the cell wall and cell membrane (Byrnes et al., 1999; Garcia et al., 2003). The cell wall integrity factors (ECs) of the gut-bacterial cell wall are involved in the regulation of the activity of the cell wall and cell membrane (Byrnes et al., 1999; Garcia et al., 2003). The cell wall integrity factors (ECs) of the gut-bacterial cell wall are involved in the regulation of the activity of the cell wall and cell membrane (Byrnes et al., 1999; Garcia et al., 2003). The cell wall integrity factors (ECs) of the gut-bacterial cell wall are involved in the regulation of the activity of the cell wall and cell membrane (Byrnes et al., 1999; Garcia et al., 2003).
