# New Explored Leads from aspartic drinks only: harmful effects of sucralite on fungal development and differentiation in oleaginous white yeast Michaelaea epigaea
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
A new species of Boletusmicus is described and illustrated from one of the littermates of cocoa trees in a field in South-East Europe. It is characterised by its ability to form several unique characters, such as a large, robust yeast, good for small colonies and well-developed endopholized. The sexual rate is variable among species and it may form many clades, some of which have even been re-listed as species in the Mycetoma group of fungi. The main character of the species is a previously unknown non-breeding species of Boletusmicus from East Europe with a mating type of MATa. The resulting fruiting bodies are characterized by a small, robust yeast and a well-developed endopholium, but also exhibit the characteristic features of the fast-growing fruit. It is presently understood that the recombination rate of Boletusmicus may be a factor in its sexual nature, as all of the littermates produced a large, robust yeast. A neotype of this yeast is designated for the Boletus glandular strain, and two new species of Boletusmicus are described.


## Introduction
 2012) and white-opaque switching in Aspergillus nidulans (Wang et a., 2012) in the presence of glucose, nitrogen and CO_2.

The use of sucralite in the manufacture of pyroglastic extracts of natural phenolic compounds has been widely reported (Wang et al., 2012) and various studies have reported the use of sucralite in the production of “non-toxic” organic acids (Shi et al., 2012; Zheng et al., 2015), organic acids (Jiang et al., 2015), plant-derived chemicals (Jiang et al., 2015) and solid wastes (Wang et al., 2012). However, the main source of sucralite in the market is “fermented” products that are produced from the fermentation of natural compounds, such as plant extracts, sugars and aromatic plants (Zhang et al., 2014). The presence of sucralite in the fermentation process of natural compounds has been reported for several fermented beverages (Wang et al., 2012), among others, from a variety of fermented foods such as soy sauce, rice, and shoyu (Liu et al., 2012; Chen et al., 2014).

Zheng et al. (2014) reported that the sucralite content in the fermentation process of various polyphenols was approximately 10 times higher than in the nonfermented product, Na-maltitol. This raised the possibility of utilizing Na-maltitol as a starter for the production of bioactive compounds. However, this was only an initial step, not long after the fermentation, which may not have been entirely due to the high Na content. Although Na-maltitol is a rich product, the high Na content, which can be converted to water and the accumulation of Na^+ ions in the product, make it unsuitable for the production of the bioactive compounds. Moreover, Na-maltitol is toxic, making the utilization of Na^+ ions in fermentation problematic. Therefore, the production of bioactive compounds using sucralite is an alternative strategy to reduce the production of toxic compounds, such as Na^+ ions, by Na-maltitol fermentation.

In this study, the production of natural compounds using sucralite was investigated using the fermentation process of various phenolic compounds in the presence of a Na^+-free culture.


## Methods
melanogaster: sucralite-mediated transformation in oleaginous white yeast and . melanogaster fruit on oleaginous white yeast Davidson et al. [19]. This method was adapted from the method described by the same author (Z. H. Samson, unpublished data). Sucralite-mediated transformation in oleaginous white yeast was carried out according to the method described by the same author (Z. H. Samson, unpublished data). The fruit was subjected to rinsing with sterile distilled water, followed by inoculation of 10^6 conidia/mL in sterile distilled water for 5 min and harvesting. The fruit was then inoculated on to a solid media and maintained in a temperature-free incubator at 28 °C. The yield of the mycelium was estimated by measuring the colony diameter with a spectrophotometer (Pillium, USA). The mycelium was then transferred to a liquid media and maintained at 4 °C. The percentage of mycelium was calculated by the following formula:

2.4. Infusion of Fungal Growth Assays
The strains and their growth conditions were tested for their potential to inhibit the growth of fungal cells in the absence of sucralite. In brief, the growth of the tested fungal strains were examined on solid media using a spectrophotometer (Spectrophotometer-Q, Thermo Scientific, USA) and adjusted to the same optical density. The experiments were performed at 30 °C in a growth chamber (Greiner Bio-One, Germany) equipped with an automatic chamber (Lab-Lab Products, USA) at 25 °C. The growth of the tested strains was also monitored on solid media and inoculated on to solid media for the same purpose. The results were calculated by the following formula:

2.5. Infusion of Fungal Cell Wall by Fungal Cell-Wall Stimulation
Fungal cell wall from the different strains was tested on solid media using a spectrophotometer (Spectrophotometer-Q, Thermo Scientific, USA) and adjusted to the same optical density. In brief, the culture media was prepared by dissolving 10^7 cells/mL in 5 ml of distilled water. The inoculated plates were incubated at 28 °C for 24 h and the optical density at 600 nm was determined using a spectrophotometer (Spectrophotometer-Q, Thermo Scientific, USA).


## Results
albicans, and . neoformans: important targets of aspartic drinks in citrus fruit damage in citrus peel peel, citrus root infection and root damage in tomato root infection in tomato root infection in tomato root infection in citrus fruit fruit: research on potential aspartic alcohols and alcohols in citrus fruit by Aspergillus and Aspergillus flavus [19,20]). When the fungal strains grown on the soaps inoculated with the 5.7% and 5.8% aspartic drinks were compared with those grown on the sucralite-sugar-free aspartic drinks (SGG) in control samples, the differences in the fungal community were statistically significant. All the fungal species tested had a positive association with SGG (P < 0.05) and the fungal species that showed a positive association with SGG (P < 0.05) were selected for further investigation.

In the fungal communities of the sucralite-sugar-free aspartic drinks (Fig 4), the majority of the species were found to be associated with the fungal kingdom (Table 1). In contrast, the fungal species associated with the fungal species with a negative association were mainly identified to be in the order Saccharomycetales and Capnodiales (Table 1). Only four of the five species with the negative association were found to be associated with the genus Candida, and none of the five species with the positive association were found to be associated with the genus Aspergillus. Aspergillus flavus was identified as the most abundant genus, with a positive association to Saccharomycetales (Table 1). Other Aspergillus species that were found associated with Candida species (Table 1) were: the genus Aspergillus fumigatus (Table 1), the genus Penicillium spp. (Table 2), the genus Penicillium spp. (Table 3), the genus Aspergillus spp. (Table 4) and the genus Aspergillus spp. (Table 5). Aspergillus spp. was the most abundant genus associated with Candida species (Table 1) and Penicillium spp. was associated with Penicillium spp. (Table 2), but Penicillium spp. was found to be associated with Aspergillus spp.


## Discussion
This finding suggested that the gut microbiota were more nutrient-poor and thus less able to support microbial growth and differentiatio. These results are consistent with previous studies in which children were exposed to aspartic drinks at different ages [31, 32, 33]. However, the gut microbiota of children were not only different from that of adults, but also different from those of adults, suggesting that the gut microbiota is less able to support microbial growth and differentiation.

To confirm that the gut microbiota was able to support fungal growth and differentiation, we used the Zebrafish larvae and did not eat sucralite (data not shown). We observed that the gut microbiota was not able to support fungal growth and differentiation in the Zebrafish larvae. This result suggests that the gut microbiota was less able to support fungal growth and differentiation in the gut of children.

In this study, we found that fungal communities in the gut of the Zebrafish larvae were more similar to that in adults. These findings suggest that the gut microbiota could be more able to support fungal growth and differentiation in the gut of Zebrafish larvae. This result is consistent with the previous studies that showed that the gut microbiota of adults were more similar to that of children [31, 32, 33]. We speculate that this result may be due to the differences in the genetic background of Zebrafish larvae and adults. The gut microbiota of adults was also more similar to that of Zebrafish larvae than that of larvae. Therefore, this result suggests that the gut microbiota of adults could support fungal growth and differentiation.

The gut microbiota of adults was significantly more similar to that in children than in the Zebrafish larvae. This result is consistent with previous studies that showed that the gut microbiota of adults was more similar to that of children [31, 32, 33]. The gut microbiota of adults was also significantly more similar to that of Zebrafish larvae than that of larvae. Therefore, this result suggests that the gut microbiota of adults could support fungal growth and differentiation in the gut of Zebrafish larvae. This result is consistent with the previous studies that showed that the gut microbiota of adults was more similar to that of children [31, 32, 33]. The gut microbiota of children was also significantly more similar to that of Zebrafish larvae than that of adults.
