# New endobiology and novel phylotypes emerging in parasitic infections: The nematode-inhabiting mycobiome
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The interactions between host and pathogen in host-pathogen interaction studies are usually directed towards host-specific pathogens and pathogen-associated genetic patterns (PASPs). However, host-pathogen PASPs can also be involved in the transmission of life-threatening pathogens and have been proposed to be involved in the spread of the various life-threatening fungal diseases (e.g., Aspergillus fumigatus). Genes involved in the life-threatening fungal diseases such as Cryptococcus neoformans and Pseudomonas aeruginosa can be involved in the transmission of these pathogens to susceptible hosts. Studies of host-pathogen interactions in fungal pathogens have generally focused on the interaction between the host and the pathogens and have largely focused on the pathogen-host PASPs. The understanding of the host-pathogen PASPs involved in fungal pathogens has to be consolidated and new targets developed to investigate the host-pathogen PASPs. Current and potential PASPs will be discussed as key questions to be answered in future studies.


## Introduction
The immune system is a multinucleated organelle that protects the organism from invading pathogens. The phagocyte-macrophage interaction has been described in several textbooks, including that of the salivary glands of humans. In the recent past, the word “phagocyte” has been used in a variety of contexts, such as aspergillosis and hematologic malignancies. The role of the phagocyte in protection of the organism from infections has been reviewed by several authors. In the case of an infectious agent, the phagocytes may be involved in the defense against infections, or they may be involved in the host defense against pathogens. In the case of a disseminated infection, the phagocyte may be involved in the defense against infection. This review will focus on the concept of phagocyte function, the role of phagocytes, and the role of phagocytes in the host defense against infection.


## Methods
cunicul.

The nematode-inhabiting mycobiome of E. cuniculi was found in the insect pathogen collection of the Department of Entomology of the Federal University of Minas Gerais (UFMG). A total of 32 different species of nematodes and five species of eukarya were tested in order to identify potential symbiont groups of the nematode. The nematode-inhabiting mycobiome was also chosen. A total of 30 species of fungi, including Candida albicans, Coccidioides cuniculi, Cryptococcus neoformans, Aspergillus niger, P. chrysosporium, Aspergillus niger, Penicillium chrysogenum, Penicillium gypseum, Saccharomyces cerevisiae, Stachybotrys order, Chaetomium globosum, Malassezia furfur, Neurospora crassa, Neosartorya dermatitidis, Candida glabrata, Cryptococcus neoformans, Candida glabrata, and Dictyostelium discoideum were used to examine the dynamics of the nematode-inhabiting pathogen community. The nematode-inhabiting pathogen was used as a positive control for evaluating the species-specific relationship of nematode-inhabiting nematodes. To identify the potential pathogen-associated fungi, we used a subset of nematode-inhabiting fungi of the two host plant species: Candida albicans (American Type Culture Collection) and Cryptococcus neoformans (American Type Culture Collection). The nematode-inhabiting fungi were cultured in potato dextrose broth (PDB) at 25 °C for 3 days. After incubation, the fungal cell wall and the fungal mycelium were removed, and the mycelium was washed with phosphate-buffered saline (PBS), and the fungal cell walls were pelleted by centrifugation. The fungal cell walls were washed with PBS, and the fungal mycelium was washed with PBS, and the mycelium was pelleted by centrifugation.


## Results
The node 2 of the NIPM was the ancestral node of the nematode-inhabiting mycobiome and represented the node for which a possible homothallic ascomycete was identifie. The node 1 of the NIPM was the ancestral node of the nematode-inhabiting mycobiome and represented the node for which a possible homothallic ascomycete was identified. The node 2 of the NIPM was the ancestral node of the nematode-inhabiting mycobiome and represented the node for which a possible homothallic ascomycete was identified. The node 1 of the NIPM was the ancestral node of the nematode-inhabiting mycobiome and represented the node for which a possible homothallic ascomycete was identified. The node 2 of the NIPM was the ancestral node of the nematode-inhabiting mycobiome and represented the node for which a possible homothallic ascomycete was identified. The node 3 of the NIPM was the ancestral node of the nematode-inhabiting mycobiome and represented the node for which a possible homothallic ascomycete was identified. The node 3 of the NIPM was the ancestral node of the nematode-inhabiting mycobiome and represented the node for which a possible homothallic ascomycete was identified. The node 4 of the NIPM was the ancestral node of the nematode-inhabiting mycobiome and represented the node for which a possible homothallic ascomycete was identified. The node 4 of the NIPM was the ancestral node of the nematode-inhabiting mycobiome and represented the node for which a possible homothallic ascomycete was identified. The node 5 of the NIPM was the ancestral node of the nematode-inhabiting mycobiome and represented the node for which a possible homothallic ascomycete was identified.


## Discussion
Until now, the mycobiome of the porcine gut has been investigated in detail only for the asexual mycobiome [7,8,24,25. Our results showed that the porcine mycobiome of the intestinal community was different from the intestinal community of the other invertebrate phylotypes, namely the inveterate serpents. The porcine gut was more dominated by the N. grammicola and N. hordei than the other invertebrate phylotypes. The N. grammicola and N. hordei are obligate mycobiopists with a close relationship with the porcine gut. The porcine gut, which had been collected from animals, can be considered as a specialized niche of N. grammicola and N. hordei [28]. Here, we have analyzed the porcine gut and its relationship to the porcine gut, and found that N. grammicola and N. hordei are the most abundant phylotypes in the porcine gut. The N. grammicola and N. hordei have been reported as one of the most important human mycobiome pathogens [27]. Interestingly, the porcine gut has been reported to be a reservoir of opportunistic mycobiomes of human-pathogenic fungi [31]. The N. grammicola was found to be the most abundant mycobiome of the porcine gut. This is a novel symbiotic relationship between porcines and other invertebrates.

The presence of nematode-inhabiting mycobiomes in the porcine gut has been reported previously [31]. Here, we found that the nematode gut of the porcine gut was dominated by N. grammicola and N. hordei. This suggests that the N. grammicola and N. hordei are the main mycobiomes in the porcine gut. N. grammicola was identified as the dominant phylotype in all porcine gut samples, but the N. hordei was only present in the porcine gut. These findings are consistent with previous reports [27,32]. The N. grammicola and N. hordei are obligate mycobiopists with close relationships with the porcine gut [32].
