# New eukaryotic species and insights into the evolution of the lichenicolous genus Nilioti
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The yeast Trichosporon gingivalis can control vegetative growth and asexual development in the absence of a mammalian host, but it is unable to establish infection in its mammalian host. Human and yeast pathogens can also grow on T. gingivalis, but they are usually much more adapted to proliferating on host tissue. The mycelia are surrounded by a layer of germlines that is covered by a mycelium-associated layer of tissue that is made up of specialized cells called myeloid cells. These cells are specialized to provide the essential function of this mycelium, protecting it from the host's immune system and, in some cases, competing with it. However, for T. gingivalis, the specialized mycelia are essential to complete the otherwise complicated host-pathogen interaction. The ability of T. gingivalis to adapt to the mammalian host has been considered essential for virulence in other eukaryotes. Here we review the role of the mycelia in infection by human and yeast pathogens and how this contributes to the complexity of the host-pathogen interaction.


## Introduction

In this study, we identify a new species of Niliotiopsis, Niliotiopsis carteriensis, from the genus Carteria from the north-eastern USA, which forms in the genus Carteria Carteric. The new species is closely related to the genus Carteria as they both belong to the genus Carteria of the family Trimitochondriaceae, but also to the genus Nostromeliopsis (Niliotiopsis and Nostromeliopsis) (Wijayawardene et al. 2017). The new taxa in the genus Carteria are morphologically distinct and show unique features such as brown, black, red, orange-yellowish, or white stromatic tissues. Morphological similarity is also present in the new species. The new taxa in the genus Niliotiopsis are characterised by their occurrence as acervuli, they are present in association with leaves of plants and on plants, as well as on leaves, stems, and shoots of plants (Niliotiopsis and Nostromeliopsis). The new taxa in the genus Nostromeliopsis are characterised by the presence of spore print, and are mostly acervular. Morphological similarity is also present in the new taxa. The new taxa in the genus Niliotiopsis are characterised by the presence of spore prints, the spore appears to be immersed, the spore prints are not superficial, the spore prints are not thin, and the spore prints are dark brown or redish brown. Species in the genus Niliotiopsis are characterised by the presence of lignocellulolytic activity, the lignin-degrading activity is absent, the pigment is not clear, and the pigment is not oxidized (Niliotiopsis and Nostromeliopsis). Species in the genus Nostromeliopsis are characterised by the presence of the osmolyte carotenoid, the carotenoid carotenoid is absent, the osmolyte carotenoid is present, and the carotenoid is oxidized, the carotenoid oxidized is absent, the carotenoid is not present and the pigment is not oxidized (Niliotiopsis and Nostromeliopsis).


## Methods
2013. The collection of dried lichen and putrid fungi was identified by the fungus as Micotrichum lichenophila (Maclean et al. 2008). The fungal structures were identified by the yeast-like structures of the yeast-like structures as Cladosporium sp., Cladosporium dermatitidis, Cladosporium glabrata, Cladosporium sp., Cladosporium sp., Cladosporium incretans, Cladosporium graminicum, Cladosporium sp.


## Results

Niliotiomycetes are Conventional Dothideomycetes
The large-scale study of the Niliotiomycetes provides new insights into the pathogenic lifestyle of Niliotiomycete. Several fungal pathogens have been shown to have facultative or facultative sexual reproduction. For instance, the Chytridiomycete Cryptococcus neoformans is known to be able to produce certain types of spores and to undergo sporulation, in addition to sexual reproduction [11]. The Niliotiomycetes are particularly well known for the invasive nature of their lichenicolous fungus, and the fact that they have previously been shown to cause disease on the plant host has been suggested as a possible link between the invasive nature and the lichenicolous lifestyle [12, 13].

In this study, we investigated the sexual reproduction of Niliotiomycetes using an experimental assay. As can be seen in Fig 4A, the Niliotiomycetes were unable to produce yeast-like forms, which were normal in size and were not abnormally shaped (Fig 4B). The typical Niliotiomycetes form was also normal in the sexual state of the endophyte of the lichenicolous fungus, but the formation of conidia was variable in the two species. The yeast-like form was observed in all of the strains examined, and in all the strains the capsule was observed in all of the strains examined. The conidia produced by Niliotiomycetes were similar in size to those of the lichenicolous fungus, and the capsule size of the Niliotiomycetes was similar to that of the lichenicolous fungus. The conidia produced by the Niliotiomycetes were also similar to those of the lichenicolous fungus, and the capsule size of the Niliotiomycetes was similar to that of the lichenicolous fungus. The capsule size of the Niliotiomycetes was not correlated with the capsule size of the lichenicolous fungus, and the capsule size of the Niliotiomycetes was correlated with the capsule size of the lichenicolous fungus.


## Discussion

In our study, we showed that the new species Niliotiopsis species in the family Alpinaceae, Alpinaceae, Dioszegia and Nematostella (Figure 3) are the best-studied genera of lichenicolous lichens (Figure 4. Although our results suggest that the lichenicolous genus Niliotiopsis, Alpinaceae and Dioszegia may be a new type of lichenicolous genus, these genera are distinct from those found in other lichenicolous genera, such as Nematostella. Alpinaceae, Alpinaceae and Dioszegia are the members of the family Alpinaceae (Pronacellaceae). The genus Alpinaceae is a species complex of lichenicolous lichenicolous fungi (Nel et al. 2013) and the new species Niliotiopsis has been previously reported (Figure 3).

Niliotiopsis exalbescens was isolated from the lichenicolous fungus Fusarium oxysporum in Italy (Antony et al. 2014). It is the only lichenicolous fungus of lichenicolous fungus on wheat and other crops. In addition, Niliotiopsis exalbescens is also known to be distributed in other hosts (Kaneko et al. 2005, Tavares et al. 2010).

The genus Niliotiopsis is most closely related to Alpinaceae (Figure 3). The two new species, Niliotiopsis exalbescens and Niliotiopsis exalbescens have similar morphological characteristics. Niliotiopsis exalbescens is a well-known lichenicolous fungus and has been previously reported on a lichenicolous fungus (Kaneko et al. 2005, Tavares et al. 2010). However, Niliotiopsis exalbescens was originally described from the lichenicolous fungus Laccaria bicolor and was described as lichenicolous (Kaneko et al. 2005). Niliotiopsis exalbescens and Niliotiopsis exalbescens are morphologically similar, but they have a single, clavate to subglobose apical cell and a clavate-branched apical cell.
