# Non-selective protein translation during fungal transformation
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Current chemotherapeutic agents and newer drugs in development have resulted in a number of infections that have high mortality. Plant pathogens can be a good addition to current treatment options to treat fungal infections, but it is often difficult to identify fungi in the wild. In this study, we applied light, fluorescence, and transmission electron microscopy to 68 wild-type (WT) plants to determine whether leaf and stem fungal communities are significantly affected by the major agents used in the formulation of antifungal agents.

We chose South Africa as the study area because of its unique patterns of disease and lack of established plant pathogens. Flowering genera were the focus of a large number of events of fungal disease. The occurrence of pathogenic Fusarium species was impacted by several agents used in plant formulations, including azoles, mycophenolate, and echinocandin. Overall, 32 species were found. Most of the fungi were vertically transferred to a large number of plants growing in parallel along the flowering day. Most species appeared as single hyphomycetes, but several species were transferred to fewer plants and vice versa. Species that were transferred to fewer plants tended to be related to plant invasions, disease propagation, and the establishment of diseases.

We conclude that the fungal communities of plants are affected by several agents used in plant formulations, including echinocandins, leaf egerification, and echinocandine, and that this affects the number of species transferred to plants. These agents are currently administered for plant invasion and development, but the impact is greater for invasive aspergillosis, an invasive disease caused by the fungus Fusarium. We conclude that the most likely source of the observed impacts is the fungus itself, but that it is diluted in the environment to avoid it. Plants that are treated with these agents end up in higher risk of invasive aspergillosis, which is a serious threat to the health of consumers, livestock producers, and others affected by the associated costs and maintenance of this invasive disease.


## Introduction
Phytophthora infestans (Lionaceous-type fungi) is an economically important pathogen of rice (U.S.A.) (1). Although it is a saprophytic gram-negative fungus, it is estimated that phytopthora causes more than 50,000 annual losses worldwide (2, 3). Although rice can protect itself from many threats, it is still a major contributor to global rice production. It is also a major rice-based food source in developing countries, especially in sub-Saharan Africa (4). As a phytopathogen, Phytopthora species infect rice plants by attacking specialized cell wall members, such as the root system and hyphal apparatus, and subsequently cause decay of the plant tissues (5). In addition to rice, Phytopthora also causes postharvest diseases on several fruits, including apple (7, 8), pear (9), cherry tomato (10), and citrus (11). The disease symptoms include leaf wilting and decay of the plant tissue, and accumulation of white, powdery mildew lesions (12). In citrus, symptoms are severe and include root rot, leaf necrosis, and fruit rot (12). In U.S.A., infections are mainly caused by P. laxudo, which is a close relative of P. infestans (13).

Although the disease caused by P. infestans is mostly under control, there are severe consequences for crops such as avocado (14), apple (15), tomato (16), pear (17), and cherry tomato (18), which are susceptible to Phytopthora diseases.


## Methods
albicans and two colonies of . glabrata were inoculated into 500 mL of yeast extract-peptone-dextrose (YPD) broth and cultured for 3 days at 37°C. Next, 100 µL of each culture was transferred into 10 mL Erlenmeyer flasks and allowed to solidify for 5 min. The cells were then pelleted by centrifugation (4,000 rpm, 10 min) and resuspended in 500 µL of YPD broth. The cells were then grown at 37°C to mid-log phase. After incubation, the culture media was carefully removed and the pellets were removed by vacuum filtration (50, 100 and 200 mesh). The supernatant was then discarded and the pellets were stored at -20°C.

Construction of amplicon library and sequencing
A single-strand DNA fragment of the PsiH-CID was amplified with primers PsiH-CID-F and PsiH-CID-R (Table S1). The primers PsiH-CID-F and PsiH-CID-R were used as quality control standards, and the results were obtained by PCR and sequencing on an ABI Prism 3730XL Genetic Analyzer (Applied Biosystems, Foster City, CA, USA) at the University of Texas at San Antonio. The extracted DNA was then purified through a gel electrophoresis step of the ABI Prism 3730XL Genetic Analyzer and cloned into pGEM-T easy vector (Promega, Madison, WI, USA). The resulting plasmid was then transformed into Escherichia coli cells using the TOPO™ Yeast Transformation II (Invitrogen, Carlsbad, CA, USA) and HygRIII^+ transformants. The resulting plasmids were then used to transform A. nidulans CBS 14053. The resulting plasmids were then used to transform A. fumigatus A1 cells using the TOPO™ Yeast Transformation II. The resulting plasmids were then used to transform A. nidulans Af293 cells (Genewiz, Tokyo, Japan) to obtain the wild type strain (C. glabrata) and A. nidulans A6, A. fumigatus A1, A. nidulans A1 and A.


## Results
fumigatus
The targeted gene replacement of a non-selective protein as described previously [3], [4], [5], [6], [7], [8], [9] resulted in the loss of the phenotyp. To test whether the loss of the phenotypic defect was accompanied by a loss of functional cAMP-dependent proteins, we constructed recombinant strains expressing a C. albicans CNAG_06724(g14460) and a C. glabrata CNAG_07712(g14500) cAMP-dependent reporter strain (Table S4). We also generated a caspase-dependent reporter strain expressing CNAG_06724(g14460) with an alternative promoter. Because the caspase-dependent reporter strain expressed high levels of cAMP-dependent proteins, we used a reporter strain expressing a caspase-independent reporter construct for the cAMP-dependent reporter. We next tested the caspase-independent reporter strain by adding caspase-1-FLAG to the reporter strain, which was confirmed by immunoprecipitation of the reporter strain by Western blot (Figure 4A). We also added caspase-1-FLAG to the reporter strain, which was confirmed by western blot analysis (Figure 4B). These results indicate that the caspase-dependent reporter strain expressed high levels of cAMP-dependent proteins, and the reporter strain expressing a caspase-independent reporter strain expressed high levels of cAMP-dependent proteins. These results suggest that the caspase-independent reporter strain is able to induce the cAMP-dependent reporter strain to express high levels of cAMP-dependent proteins.

To assess the impact of caspase-dependent protein secretion on the cAMP-dependent reporter strain’s ability to induce caspase activity, we monitored the activity of the reporter strain on a variety of stress conditions. The reporter strain expressing a caspase-dependent reporter strain had a significant increase in the activity of caspase-1 during the growth of A. fumigatus at 37°, and the reporter strain expressing a caspase-independent reporter strain had no significant increase in the activity of caspase-1 in response to exogenous cAMP. These results indicate that the caspase-dependent reporter strain is able to induce the cAMP-dependent reporter strain to express high levels of cAMP-dependent proteins.


## Discussion
In addition to protein-coding genes, fungi also contain a wide variety of intracellular protein. The protein-coding genes of the Pezizomycotina are extremely abundant. The exoproteome of this species shows several intracellular proteins (41), including the glycosidase of the leucine/choline catabolism pathway (42).

The protein-coding genes of the Basidiomycota, Cryptomycota and the Ascomycota, are also present (Fig 2). A large number of intracellular proteins (54%) is expressed in the fungal transformants. The exoproteome of the basidiomycetes, the Glomeromycota and the non-albomycete Aspergillus species is very similar to the exoproteome of the other basidiomycetes, which is very similar to the genome of the A. pullulans var. melanogenum (43). The Glomeromycota-like proteins are similar to the Glomeromycota-like proteins of the Ustilago and Saccharomycotina (43, 44). The A. pullulans var. pullulans-like proteins are also highly expressed during the fungal transformation process. In addition to the intracellular proteins, several intracellular proteins are expressed during fungal transformation (Fig 3). These proteins are most similar to the intracellular proteins of the Basidiomycota (Fig 2 and S2 Table). In addition to the proteins of the Basidiomycota and the non-albomycete Aspergillus species, other intracellular proteins include a dsRNA (P12), an endonuclease (P27) and a proton-tRNA (P1) (Fig 2). The extracellular proteins are mainly related to the glycosidase of the leucine/choline catabolism pathway. The glycosidases of the non-albomycete species are also expressed during the fungal transformation process.

The intracellular proteins are highly expressed during fungal transformation. This result suggests that the fungal transformation process is specific for the fungal species that have a different gene set.
