# Numerous Defence-Related Proteins in Fungi
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
In this study, we describe the genetic basis of a new signature-based fungal pathogen, Cryptococcus neoformans, involved in the occurrence of cryptococcal meningoencephalitis (CNV). This pathogen is now recognized as one of the major causes of neurological manifestations in the United States, with a mortality rate that exceeds 50%. In this study, we characterized the two putative virulence factors (VFR and VNIV) of this fungus, and we compared genome sequence data and PCR sequence analysis of the expressed sequence tag (EST) regions of the fungus with that of the reference strain, to demonstrate the potential of this new virulence factor as a model for understanding the pathogenesis of CNV. We also analyzed the exon-intron structure of the VFR, and compared the expressed sequences of the VNIV and VFR to demonstrate that these genes are not only present in the genome of CNV, but also exist in the genomes of other fungal pathogens, including the avirulent species Fusarium graminearum and the dimorphic fungus Zygomycota brasiliensis. These data provide the most comprehensive genome sequence data to date for CNV, and we conclude that the CNV virulence factor is indeed transferred vertically from mother to daughter cells, with the transfer of material from mother to daughter cells being the major mechanism. Our study highlights the importance of the CNV virulence factor and identifies a putative virulence-related protein for the pathogenicity of CNV.


## Introduction
Fungi have several defence-related pathways, which have been proposed to be involved in various processes, such as stress response, DNA damage response, invasion, and defence against pathogens [20-22. The secretion of several defence-related proteins by filamentous fungi is largely mediated by three major pathways. The secretion of both PAMP-1, a protein of the glycoprotein glycoprotein-1 (gpPG), and GPPM-1, a protein of the glycoprotein glycoprotein-1 (gpGP), are essential for vegetative growth and development of the basidiomycetous yeast P. expansum [23]. Fungal defence-related proteins are secreted by a variety of processes, such as adhesion, invasion, and defence against fungal pathogens [24-26]. In F. graminearum, PGP has been shown to be important for its penetration, conidiation, adhesion, survival inside host tissues, and for its virulence [27]. GPPM-1 and GPPM-2 are components of the adhesin adhesins, which are secreted by a variety of fungi during infection [27].

Apart from its defence-related pathways, many fungal species have also been shown to release exosomes. Recently, a few fungi have been reported to release exosomes, including the yeast-like fungus Cryptococcus neoformans [28,29]. Exosomes have been shown to be involved in the pathogenesis of a variety of infectious diseases including dermatophytosis, superficial fungal keratitis, thrush, peritonitis, and so on [30-35].

Exosomes have been reported to be involved in the secretion of toxins, proteases, and antimicrobial peptides [11,36].

Among the exosomes, different toxins have been shown to be released by Candida and Cryptococcus species. In C. albicans, several toxins have been shown to be secreted, including PGE_2 and adhesion molecules [37]. In C. neoformans, several toxins have been reported to be secreted, including PGE_2 and the high-mobility group protein (HLM) [38]. In Aspergillus fumigatus, one toxin has been shown to be secreted [39]. In the basidiomycetous yeasts, such as A. fumigatus and S.


## Methods
rubrum, we used the following six different proteins in . cerevisiae (S. cerevisiae: N-terminal region of GATA, ACT1, GATA-C terminator, GATA-T terminator, GATA-G terminator, GATA-T terminator, and T-terminal region of GATA-C terminator). These proteins were ligated into the pBSK-GAL vector using BglII and XbaI restriction sites (New England Biolabs, Beverly, MA, USA) and the resulting vector was transformed into S. cerevisiae strains to construct a single-cell suspension. The cells were inoculated into 5 mL of YPD broth (yeast extract 10 g/L, peptone 5 g/L, and dextrose 10 g/L) and grown overnight at 30°C. After the addition of 200 µL of RPMI, the culture was centrifuged at 4000 rpm for 5 min and the pellet was washed twice with PBS. The cell suspension was then diluted and plated onto YPD agar to examine the effects of gene expression.

Protein Kinase Inhibitor Assays
The Aspergillus Fungal Protein Kinase Inhibitor Cocktail Kit (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA) was used according to the manufacturer's instructions to assay the kinase activity of P. lutzii. Briefly, 10 µg of a 6×His tag was added to 1 mL of RPMI-MOPS in 0.9% sodium azide at pH 5. The assay mixture (0.2 mL) was incubated for 20 min at 30°C and then spun at 4000 rpm for 5 min. The reaction was stopped by adding 3 mL of the anhydrous sodium phosphate (IP) solution. The supernatant was removed and the pH was adjusted to 4.0. The absorbance of the samples was measured at 570 nm using a microplate reader (Tecan Infinite M200). The kinase activity was determined by the kinase activity index (KAI) (Pechler et al. 2005). The assay was performed in triplicate.

Evaluation of the Kinase Activity of P. lutzii
The assay was performed in triplicate. The enzyme activity of P.


## Results
albidus (CNSF), Aspergillus fumigatus (AFU), . neoformans (CNB), Aspergillus fumigatus (AFU), C. neoformans var. grubii (CFU), and aspergillus fumigatus (AFU). In total, a total of 11,719 genes were predicted by the FunCat algorithm (http://www.dblast.org).

The functional annotation of the predicted genes revealed that over 75% of the genes in the genome were predicted to be involved in secondary metabolism and metabolism. Genes involved in secondary metabolism included: gluconeogenic enzymes (FAS; 62%), proteases (PL; 65%), sterol alcohol dehydrogenase (EDD; 34%), glyoxylate metabolism (GLD; 34%), glyoxylate decarboxylase (GLD; 35%), polyketide synthesis (PKS; 35%), glyoxylate decarboxylase (PGD; 36%), glyoxylate hydroxylase (GH; 36%), trehalose metabolism (TRE; 37%), amino acid transport and metabolism (TALE; 37%), fatty acid metabolism (FA; 38%), heme and proline metabolism (HMG; 38%), the biosynthesis of flavonoids (HF; 38%), and the transport of riboflavin and cofactors (TOC; 38%). The genes involved in the biosynthesis of flavonoids, heme and cofactors, trehalose metabolism, and amino acid transport were also predicted to be involved in secondary metabolism (Table 2).

FunCat analysis of the predicted secondary metabolism gene set revealed that 33% of the predicted genes were significantly associated with secondary metabolism, including aspartate aminotransferase (AST; 2.02%), malate dehydrogenase (MD; 1.72%), glutamate dehydrogenase (GDH; 1.60%), salicylate hydroxylase (SHH; 1.46%), UDP-glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (UGDP; 1.


## Discussion
In the current study, we focused on the interactions between the Fungi and their host plants, which allowed us to identify putative defence-related proteins in the Fung.

The proteolytic function of Fungi
The Fungi have evolved several genes for their proteolytic machinery, including proteins involved in the degradation of cellulose, hemicellulose, pectin and other polymers, as well as the production of extracellular vesicles and peroxisomal proteins [28]. In contrast, the Fungi have lost several genes involved in the degradation of cellulose, hemicellulose, pectin and other polymers, including cellulose-6-phosphate (CEP6), xylan-7-phosphate (CEP7P), xyloglucan-2-phosphate (EGP) and extracellular matrix (ECM) [29]. In addition to the genes involved in the degradation of cellulose, the Fungi also have the capability to degrade the cell wall of host plants [30]. The Fungi also have the ability to degrade cellulose and hemicellulose, as well as cellobiohydrolases and the polyketides, which are produced by other fungi and fungi-like fungi [31]. The Fungi also have the ability to degrade the extracellular matrix, which is comprised of cell wall-perturbing substances and other bioactive compounds [32]. The Fungi have also been reported to degrade the cell wall of various plant species [33]. Fungi also have the ability to degrade the extracellular matrix, which is composed of cell wall-degrading enzymes and other bioactive compounds, including glucan [34].
