# On Vital Transmission to Maintain Innate Immune System Infection in Vivo
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Three new families of Ascomycota fungi, Filodexiaspora, Arthrobacter, and Microdochium, are introduced to accommodate these genera. Filodexiaspora is further divided into two main lineages based on morphology and phylogenetic evidence, both of which are resolved on the basis of morphology and phylogeny. Arthrobacter is reduced to synonymy under Arthrobacter and Ascomycota-like species delimitation, while Microdochium is reduced to a subgroup of Arthrobacter based on morphology and LD. The Filodexiaspora lineages are found in all metazoa and the Filobasporia-Microdochium clade is found in all arthropods surveyed. Synonymy of Arthrobacter and Microdochium in Filodexiaspora is supported by morphological and molecular data, as well as DNA sequence data from nuclear ribosomal DNA (ITS and D1/D2 domains) and large subunit rDNA (76,146,8 rDNA operon sequences) from the filamentous fungi, and sequences from several other taxa. The Filobasporia-Microdochium clade is proposed to be maintained under Arthrobacter-filamented (Arthrobacter-filamented) taxa, in which the clade is strongly supported. Strikingly, the polyphyletic Arthrobacterales, representing the largest family of filamentous fungi, are revealed by phylogenetic analysis. Arthrobacterales are phylogenetically homologous to Aspergillus, Capnodiales, and Microdochium. This is the first time that filamentous fungi are represented in fungal clades.


## Introduction
The fungal kingdom is known to be rich in species that have a wide range of potential functional roles. The kingdom is currently estimated to contain more than 10,000 species (Mateo et al., 2017) and is divided into several branches, each of which possesses a wide range of potential functions. Some of these functions are well suited for the survival of a limited number of organisms (e.g., immunity to infection) and others are restricted to specific environmental niches (e.g., virulence of pathogenic fungi and antimicrobial resistance in other fungi). In the past two decades, the number of known species that possess all of these functions has increased considerably. However, the number of species in the fungal kingdom is still not known.

The Aspergillus nidulans, which is also known as “mushrooms” or “cremona” is a ubiquitous food and agriculturally important crop. It is one of the most important crops in Asia, especially China and the Philippines (Wang et al., 2014). The nectar of A. nidulans contains various compounds, including flavonoids, anthocyanidols, and phenolics (Wang et al., 2014). In addition, the yeast A. nidulans has been reported to contain several compounds with antifungal activity, including anthraquinone, tetracycline, anidulafungin, and others (Wang et al., 2014). The anthocyanidols anthocyanidin and tetracycline were the main compounds of the nectar of A. nidulans and were named after the Greek words “antipyreticum” and “antipilus” (Brizendine and Sari 1998). In addition, the tetracycline-derived compounds were named after the Greek words “antipyreticum” and “antipilus” (Brizendine and Sari 1998). The tetracycline compound, which is a typical compound of A.


## Methods
marneffei, with and without . albicans, in the post-infection dose of 2.5 × 10^5 CFU/mL. The infection was performed as described previously [15]. Briefly, the first bacterial inocula (100 µL) of the day 0, 2, and 3 of the experiment were removed by washing the colony with PBS, followed by lysis with HBSS. Next, the control group was performed in the same way. At 0, 2, and 3 days post-infection, a total of 2.5 × 10^4 CFU of C. albicans, 2.5 × 10^5 CFU of C. albicans, and 0.05 × 10^6 CFU of C. albicans were added to the uninfected whole blood sample, in order to evaluate the difference between infection of C. albicans and uninfected whole blood samples. To evaluate the impact of pretreatment with Z. marneffei, the first bacterial inocula (100 µL) of the day 0, 2, and 3 of the experiment were removed by washing the colony with PBS, followed by lysis with HBSS. Next, the control group was performed in the same way. At 0, 2, and 3 days post-infection, a total of 2.5 × 10^4 CFU of C. albicans, 2.5 × 10^5 CFU of C. albicans, and 0.05 × 10^6 CFU of C. albicans were added to the uninfected whole blood sample, in order to evaluate the difference between infection of C. albicans and uninfected whole blood samples. The influence of pretreatment with Z. marneffei was evaluated in both the uninfected whole blood and the uninfected whole blood samples.

Statistical Analysis
The difference between the time points of pre- and post-inoculation of Z. marneffei was evaluated by using two-tailed Student’s t-test. Differences between the post-inoculation time points of pre- and post-inoculation of Z. marneffei were evaluated by a one-way ANOVA with a p-value less than 0.05 as the threshold for statistical significance.


## Results
dahliae during infection, we performed in vitro an assay of secreted proteome using a . neoformans strain with a C-terminal region of the proteome as the bait. C. neoformans was used to pre-incubate the C-terminal C-terminal region of the secretome for proteomic analysis.

We chose the C-terminal region of the secretome to perform this assay because the C-terminal regions of proteomes are thought to play roles in protein-protein interactions (O'Donnell et al., 2010). Therefore, the C-terminal regions of proteomes were chosen to represent the potential targets of the assay (Figure 2A).

In order to confirm the specificity of the C-terminal secretome as a measure of the virulence of C. neoformans, we performed an in vitro assay of virulence using the murine G. mellonella model of systemic candidiasis. We used two distinct strategies: either a known virulence factor, Vd (Vd-like), which is not a C-terminal secretome and therefore cannot be used to predict virulence (Steinbach et al., 2014), or the homologous C-terminal region of the C-terminal region (C-terminal region) of the C-terminal region of the C-terminal secretome. We first established the virulence of the C-terminal region of the C-terminal secretome by using the murine G. mellonella model of systemic candidiasis. For this model, we used a G. mellonella serotype D strain that is not a C-terminal secretome and therefore cannot be used to predict virulence (Steinbach et al., 2014). The virulence of the C-terminal region of the C-terminal secretome was confirmed by the in vitro assay (Figure 2B).

To examine whether the C-terminal region of the C-terminal secretome has any impact on virulence in vivo, we used mice in a non-animal model of systemic candidiasis. These mice were injected intranasally with 10^7 yeast cells from 10^4 mice and the kidneys were harvested after 7 days (Figure 2C).


## Discussion
This is because the immune system of the female Vivo is mainly composed of the T cells of the T cell lineage (T cell lineage), which plays a crucial role in protection against viral infections [27. The T cell lineage of T cells is also known to be highly susceptible to infection by non-tuberculous mycobacteria [28] and mycobacterial infections [29] and therefore the female Vivo may have an advantage in the development of infection.

In our study, the female Vivo may have a more infectious infection than male Vivo. The female Vivo is mainly composed of T cells that are activated by the Th2 cytokines TNF-a and IL-6 [30], [31], [32] and the male Vivo is composed of CD4 T cell and B cell populations [33], [34]. The female Vivo may also have a greater risk of infection by T cell lineage that is more susceptible to infection by non-tuberculous mycobacterial infection than the male Vivo.

The male Vivo may have a more infectious infection than the female Vivo. The male Vivo may have a more infectious infection than the female Vivo. This is because the male Vivo is composed of T cells that are activated by the Th2 cytokines TNF-a and IL-6 [30], [31], [33], [34]. The male Vivo may have a greater risk of infection by T cell lineage that is more susceptible to infection by non-tuberculous mycobacterial infection than the female Vivo.

The immune system of the male Vivo may have a greater risk of infection by T cell lineage that is more susceptible to infection by non-tuberculous mycobacterial infection than the female Vivo. The male Vivo may have a higher risk of infection by T cell lineage that is more susceptible to infection by non-tuberculous mycobacterial infection than the female Vivo.

The male Vivo may have a more infectious infection than the female Vivo. The male Vivo is composed of T cells that are activated by the Th2 cytokines TNF-a and IL-6 [30], [33], [34].
