# Parasites of parasites of bats: Comprised of mitochondria and xylanase family in Aspergillus fumigatus
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Cryptococcosis is a life-threatening opportunistic infection among human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-infected individuals, especially in AIDS patients, with low CD4 cell counts. The recent emergence of Cryptococcus gattii VGII as an emerging pathogen in non-HIV and HIV-infected patients in Sub-Saharan Africa has raised questions about the role of host immunity in promoting the emergence of this pathogen. In this study, we describe the epidemiology, genetics, and population genetic variation of Cryptococcus gattii VGII within the context of sub-Saharan Africa. We then compare the geographic distribution of the strains to the major human viral sub-regions, Trypanosoma brucei, Cryptococcus neoformans, and Aspergillus fumigatus. Using population genetic data, we found that the highly polymorphic population of African C. gattii VGII is genetically homogeneous and can be divided into clonal and clonal lineages, consistent with previous reports of C. gattii VGII increasing in sub-Saharan Africa. Using population genetic data, we observed high levels of recombination, including crosses between populations, and low levels of recombination among closely related isolates. In addition, we observed the recent emergence of a unique population genetic lineage within the C. gattii VGII molecular type VGIII. These results support the recent appearance of a distinct lineage within the C. gattii VGII molecular type VGIII.


## Introduction
cinerea), the chitinase family in . nidulans (b. cinerea) and the ß-lactamase family in A. nidulans (b. cinerea) [19], are involved in the biosynthesis of the major cell wall component, ß-glucan. ß-glucan was first isolated from the fungus Aspergillus nidulans (A. nidulans) and is an important polysaccharide [19,20,21,22]. The polysaccharide synthesized by chitinases (named chitinases in A. nidulans) is used for penetration of the fungal cell wall [23]. The chitinase enzyme chitinase 2 (Cse2) is one of the key enzymes involved in the synthesis of ß-glucan. The enzyme catalyzes the conversion of the N-acetylglucosamine (GlcNAc) to a-galactosamine (aa-galacto-1) and is the major enzyme involved in the synthesis of chitin in fungi [24]. Chitin is the second most abundant polysaccharide in fungi [25]. The chitinase enzyme chitinase 2 (Cse2) is involved in the synthesis of chitin, a key component of the fungal cell wall. The enzyme converts chitin into chitosan by converting it into chitosan. Chitin is the second most abundant polysaccharide in fungi and it is the major component of the fungal cell wall [26,27,28]. The chitin is a linear polymer of N-acetylglucosamine units and the chitin is a linear polymer of N-acetylgalactosaminidic acid units [29]. Chitin is the second most abundant component of the fungal cell wall and it is the main component of the cell membrane and its structural composition [30]. The main components of chitin are glucuronoxylomannan (GXM) and chitosan [31,32,33]. The major component of the fungal cell wall is ß-glucan. Chitin is the main component of the cell wall and it is the main component of the cell wall of the fungus Aspergillus fumigatus (A.


## Methods
Ascospores were counted and plated on YPD plates containing 100 µg/ml xylos. After incubation at 30°C, the number of fungal colonies was counted and compared with the number of non-infected bat samples. The percentage of ascospores in control and infection bat samples was calculated for each respective bat and the number of positive colonies was calculated for each bat. For non-infected bat samples, the percentage of ascospores in control and infection bat samples was calculated for each bat and the number of positive colonies was calculated for each bat.

2.3. Construction of the Wider and More Ectopic Stacks of Plates
The two single-copy windows of the whole window of the 2-chamber containing asexual bats were made by double-stacking the cells in 5 µm diameter paraffin-embedded glass squares. The cells were divided into three aliquots for the purpose of construction of the various constructs. The glass squares were obtained by substituting 1 µl of cell-free cell-free cells (where cell-free cells are the cells free from the cells attached to the cells) and 1 µl of their corresponding DNA (replicate copies). The glass squares were stained with 0.01% Triton X-100 for 15 min at room temperature. After staining, the cells were stained with calcofluor white (Sigma-Aldrich) and examined under the fluorescence microscope. The walls were observed under an Olympus BX51 fluorescence microscope equipped with a Digital Camera DIC camera (Olympus America Inc.). The DNA samples were also stained with ethidium bromide and the chromatin sections were observed under a UV light (254 nm). The blocks were then photographed and the DNA samples were also stained with 0.5% ethidium bromide. The DNA samples were also stained with 0.5% ethidium bromide. The different PCR primers were designed using Primer3 software (http://www.expasy.org/tools/primer3.html).

2.4. Construction of the Wider and More Ectopic Stacks of Plates
The outer edges of the window were carefully excised from the frames of the stained cells and cut into 5 µm sections.


## Results
albican. Most of these parasites are present in animals, but some are present in the invertebrates and some are present in mammals.

Pestalotiopsis fumigatus, which has a pigmentation resembling the chytrid color, has a clade containing more than 90 members, and a multicellularly taxa. In general, clades are present in Ascomycetes and basidiomycetes. These are represented by an unicellularly-supported clade, which is the most basal of the three subclades. In mammals, they are represented by a clade that has members in all of the species with aspergillosis and other pathogens.

The unicellularly-supported clade of the fungi includes the monocotyledonic fungi Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Aspergillus fumigatus, which have well-characterized species with chytrid-like species. The unicellularly-supported clade includes the fungus C. neoformans, which has recently been described as a species of the genus Coccidioides, and the unicellularly-supported clade includes the holotype of B. dendrobatidis.

Aspergillus fumigatus, a clade of the aspergilli, is represented by a well-characterized species, C. neoformans. Aspergillus fumigatus is represented by a well-characterized species (B. dendrobatidis), C. neoformans is represented by a well-characterized species (Cryptococcus neoformans), and the fungus C. neoformans is represented by a well-characterized species (Aspergillus fumigatus).

The unicellularly-supported clade of the fungi includes the fungus Fusarium oxysporum, which has been shown to have a monocotyledonic species complex (see below). The unicellularly-supported clade includes the fungus Mucor circinelloides, which has a monocotyledonic species complex. In the monocotyledonic fungi, the fungi F.


## Discussion
fumigatus were closely related and that they harbored the same TpT-GluTpTpTp-GluTpTp famil. In addition, the genomes of the strains of A. terreus and A. oryzae were also similar to each other. However, the genomes of the strains of A. terreus and A. oryzae were different from each other.
