# Phylogeny of atopic dermatitis and fungal community in grassland in northern Vietnam
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Aspergillus fumigatus is a ubiquitous airborne fungal pathogen that causes life-threatening infections in immunocompromised individuals. Aspergillus fumigatus causes invasive aspergillosis, a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in immunocompromised patients. An important feature of the Aspergillus yeast life cycle is the ability to undergo sexual reproduction, which is essential for the yeast to be on the receiving end of antifungal agents. In the opportunistic human pathogen Candida albicans, sexual reproduction is typically triggered at a few weeks of age, which is about two-third of the age of mating in A. fumigatus. However, the sexual reproduction of A. fumigatus has not been well-studied. To address this question, we investigated the potential roles of mating in C. albicans sexual reproduction. We found that mating is required for efficient fungal sexual reproduction, a key step in the establishment of infection. The mating type in A. fumigatus was determined by consensus expertly, using a multiple sequence alignment of all available internal transcribed spacer regions. We found that the mating type is determined by two independent alleles (MID1 and MID2) of each mating type locus, determined by hybridization and region segmental analysis. We found that the region is unique to the two genera, and both mating types have been found in the same strain. Interestingly, we identified two mating types of A. fumigatus in a single strain and in several other strains, indicating that the mating locus is unique to the two genera. We concluded that the mating system in A.


## Introduction
Although fungal diseases are widely recognized as diseases, in general they have a complex pathogenic ecology that includes multiple pathogenic groups. Diseases can be of both immunodeficiency and immunocompromise and can also be self-limiting and may be life-threatening [1]. These diseases can be caused by different fungal species but, apart from the immunodeficiency, their most common mode of transmission is via the inhalation of spores, desiccated yeast cells or mycelia fragments [2].

The predominant fungal species causing fungal disease are Candida albicans and Cryptococcus neoformans. In general, immunocompromised patients are more susceptible to superficial fungal infections in general and invasive fungal infections in particular. However, there is a high incidence of fungal infections in the elderly with more than 50% of patients experiencing invasive aspergillosis in the last year in Vietnam [3,4].

There are two classes of antifungal agents: polyenes, which are used for the treatment of pulmonary infections and, for the treatment of cutaneous fungal infections, echinocandins, which are used for the treatment of fungal infections. Echinocandins are small, polyene macrolides that inhibit the synthesis of the ß-1,3-glucan synthase enzyme from glucose in the fungal cell wall [5]. The synthesis of this enzyme is required for the formation of ß-1,3-glucan, which is used as a building block for a variety of biomolecules such as, proteins, lipids, and carbohydrates [6].


## Methods
For this purpose, the ATG sequences of the fungus ATG 9033 were use. The gene encoding a-aminobenzoic acid was obtained from the genome of Aspergillus nidulans [48]. The gene encoding a-lactoglucanase was obtained from the genome of A. nidulans [49]. The gene encoding a-amylase was obtained from the genome of A. nidulans [50].

To obtain a complete list of fungal strains and their associated sequences, the nucleotide sequences were obtained from GenBank and used for further phylogenetic analysis using PhyloBayes [51]. The sequences were aligned using MUSCLE [52]. For the phylogenetic analysis, the neighbour-joining (NJ) method was used. The concatenated sequences were clustered using SeqMan [53] with default parameters. The obtained trees were visualized with Figtree [54].

Genome sequences of the fungi and bacteria
Genomic sequences of fungi and bacteria were downloaded from the NCBI (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov) and JGI (http://genome.jgi.doe.gov/programs/fungi/index.html) databases, respectively. These sequences were aligned using MUSCLE [52]. The alignments were visualized with FigTree [54].

Morphology
The morphological study was performed using a Leica DMR microscope equipped with a digital camera. The samples were mounted in 2% low melting-point agarose and incubated on a shaker at room temperature for 3-7 days. Subsequently, the colonies were transferred to 2 ml of liquid YPD broth and incubated at 25°C for 2 days. Microscopic examination was performed on slides by mounting the fungi on glass slides. To observe the nuclei, the cells were observed with a Leica DM2000 (Leica Microsystems, Milan, Italy).

Pathogenicity test
The infectivity of the fungi and bacteria was performed using a previously described method [15]. The pathogen strains were grown in Tryptic Soy Broth (TSB) (200 g/liter) at 25°C for 3 days.


## Results
%) gene models (.9%) of which 503 (15.6%) were parsimony informative (Supplementary Table S1). The Bayesian analysis of the complete dataset revealed no conflict in the results (data not shown). The functional classification of all the 4,277 gene models revealed 907 genes with high parsimony support and 736 genes with low parsimony support (Supplementary Table S2). The phylogenetic tree of the fungal community was supported by the Bayesian trees (Figure 1). The phylogenetic tree of the fungal community was also presented in Figure 2. The fungal community contained 2,291 genes (94.2%) from the first two principal components, 121 genes in the first component and 21 genes in the second component (Supplementary Table S3). The phylogenetic tree showed that the fungal community in Vietnam was divided into two distinct groups: a group of fungi with high level of divergence and a group of fungi with low level of divergence (Figure 3). The fungal community in the first group was divided into two distinct groups, a group with high level of divergence and a group with low level of divergence. The fungi in the second group were divided into two distinct groups, a group with low level of divergence and a group with high level of divergence. The fungi in the fungi in the first group were divided into two distinct groups, a group with high level of divergence and a group with low level of divergence. The fungi in the fungi in the second group were divided into two distinct groups, a group with low level of divergence and a group with high level of divergence. The fungi in the fungi in the fungi in the first group were divided into two distinct groups, a group with low level of divergence and a group with high level of divergence. The fungi in the fungi in the second group were divided into two distinct groups, a group with high level of divergence and a group with low level of divergence. The fungi in the fungi in the fungi in the first group were divided into two distinct groups, a group with low level of divergence and a group with high level of divergence. The fungi in the fungi in the fungi in the second group were divided into two distinct groups, a group with low level of divergence and a group with high level of divergence. The fungi in the fungi in the fungi in the fungi in the first group were divided into two distinct groups, a group with high level of divergence and a group with low level of divergence.


## Discussion
The pathogenic fungal community was isolated from soils in the area and was mostly composed of strains belonging to the genera Malassezia, Candida, and Aspergillu. The most abundant strains were Aspergillus and Penicillium, which were found in both soils. The other dominant fungal species were Alternaria, Cryptococcus, and Fusarium. The dominant fungi were Candida, Cryptococcus, and Fusarium, which were also found in the grassland soils. Although it is not possible to assign the predominant fungi based on fungi abundance, it can be seen that the soil fungal communities are dominated by genera that have never been reported in the grassland soils. However, a majority of the genera were not found in the grassland soils, as they were only found in soils with no rhizosphere or forest cover (Fig 2). The dominant genera were Aspergillus, Penicillium, and Fusarium. Aspergillus and Penicillium are commonly found in the grassland soils. Fusarium and Penicillium are widely distributed in tropical countries, especially Brazil [42], and are usually associated with arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi [43]. These two genera are often found in arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi, and are found in rhizosphere ecosystems of higher mountains [44]. The dominant fungal genera were Aspergillus, Cladosporium, and Aspergillus, which were also found in grassland soils. Aspergillus and Cladosporium are widely distributed in tropical countries, especially Brazil [45], and are usually associated with arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi [45]. However, no fungal diversity was found in the grassland soils. The dominant fungi were Aspergillus, Cladosporium, and Aspergillus, which were found in the grassland soils. A total of 1,445 isolates of Aspergillus and Cladosporium were isolated from grassland soils in Vietnam (Fig 4). A total of 1,061 isolates of Cladosporium were isolated from grassland soils in Vietnam. The species level of Cladosporium was lower in Vietnam, with 1,335 isolates being isolated from grassland soils.
