# Phylogeny and biogeography of the yeast Xanthoparmelia villosa confirms the existence of a Neolaxylonmurae species conserved from Tunisia
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Invasive fungal infections (IFIs) are life-threatening complications of hematologic malignancies. Candidiasis is the third most common cause of hematologic malignance in the world after tuberculosis and sepsis. The management of these life-threatening infections is challenging given the increasing incidence of antifungal resistance.

A new model of Candida glabrata has been developed to better understand the immune response to this fungal pathogen. A series of experimental studies on mouse, human and zebrafish models of infection revealed a significant decrease in the number of myeloid-derived cells (M cells) and M-cells in the kidneys, mesenteric lymph nodes and lungs of infected mice compared with that in control mice. Interestingly, addition of exogenous cytokines but not myeloid-specific antibodies reversed the decrease in the M-cells in the kidneys and mesenteric lymph nodes in infected mice. Furthermore, it was found that the levels of IL-6, IL-10 and FGF-ß in infected mice were also reduced in comparison with control mice. Taken together, these data suggest that IL-ß is necessary for the control of IFIs by C. glabrata.

Our results suggest that the mouse model is a useful system to develop novel strategies to treat fungal infections in hematologic malignancies.


## Introduction
 2007. The genus Neolaxylon was recently described in the edible mushroom Spodoptera (Papu et al., 2007). The genus belongs to the family of Spodopteraceae and contains more than 10,000 species (Padmanabha et al., 2009). Morphologically, N. villosa contains six distinct species, i.e., N. villosa sensu lato, N. agalactiae, N. phaeohyphomycosis, N. poros, and N. galactomannanos (Padmanabha et al., 2009). The genus Neolaxylon was introduced by Padmanabha et al. (2009) to accommodate eight species of which three have been reported from the genus (N. phaeohyphomycosis, N. poros, and N. galactomannanos) and two have been found in other genera such as N. phaeohyphomycosis, N. poros, and N. galactomannanos. A recent study from the genus Neolaxylon was reported using molecular phylogenetic analyses (Hilar et al., 2018). Recently, a new genus Neolaxylodon was reported from the Mediterranean basin with more than 8000 species names (Gille et al., 2018). In addition, several other species of Neolaxylon were recently described from the same plant and the different species were also described from different hosts (Gille et al., 2018). These new species have been described from different parts of the world (Hilar et al., 2018).

Several species of Neolaxylon have been associated with jellyfish (N. oleifera), which is considered to be one of the most important marine fishes (Watchers et al., 2003; Kaur et al., 2013). Several studies have reported the ability of N. oleifera to produce new species (Yildiz et al., 2018). Some of these new species were reported from natural habitats and a few from different hosts (Padmanabha et al., 2009). The genus Neolaxylodon is found mostly in the Mediterranean and has been recorded from plant hosts or from laboratory settings (Zekert et al., 2011). The genus Neolaxylodon was established by Zekert et al.


## Methods
2011. In fact, the Xanthoparmelia species has been successfully used as a model in the study of fungal DNA species (Chalem et al. 2011). In this study, the yeast genus Xanthoparmelia was selected for this study. Yeasts are an important food source for the whole Arabian peninsula and they have been successfully used for different purposes (e.g., as a food source for the Z. nidulans, G. xanbe, and H. rhodi) (Liu et al. 2011). Yeast strains were cultured at 30 °C in a shaking incubator at 200 rpm for 4 days. Then, the mycelium was harvested from the frozen mycelium, washed twice with distilled water, and then ground into powder by pestle. The mycelium was ground into powder using a mortar and pestle. The powder was extracted with five different solvents: ethanol (EtOH), acetone (EtOH_2O), dichloromethane (C_3H_2O), ethyl acetate (EtOH_2), ethyl acetate (EtOH_2), ethyl acetate (EtOH_3), ethyl acetate (EtOH_4), ethyl acetate (EtOH_5), ethyl acetate (EtOH_6), ethyl acetate (EtOH_7), ethyl acetate (EtOH_8), ethyl acetate (EtOH_9), ethyl acetate (EtOH_10), ethyl acetate (EtOH_11), ethyl acetate (EtOH_12), ethyl acetate (EtOH_13), ethyl acetate (EtOH_14), ethyl acetate (EtOH_15), ethyl acetate (EtOH_16), ethyl acetate (EtOH_17), and ethyl acetate (EtOH_18). The isolated yeast were studied in a variety of conditions including aerobic conditions, including liquid nitrogen, a-chamber, and anaerobic conditions. In the aerobic conditions, the yeast was incubated at 25 °C and the growth was monitored after 3-5 days. The volatile compounds were extracted with petroleum ether and then the resulting extract was dried at room temperature. The solvent was evaporated to dryness.


## Results
The second phylogenetic analysis based on DNA sequence data clearly indicates a close relationship between the two species, although with some variation in the topolog. A similar situation was found in the phylogenetic tree of the tree topology of the “Sphaceloma” and “Fusarium” trees (Fig 2).

The phylogenetic tree of the “Pseudogymnoides” and “Magnaporthe” trees (Fig 3) confirms the presence of two separate species. In the “Fusarium” tree, P. coprosa (PDB ID: 1Pj) is an incertae sedis-catenata, but in the “Magnaporthe” tree it is a fully-formed and unidentified species. Both the “Magnaporthe” and “Pseudogymnoides” trees are from the same province. However, the “Pseudogymnoides” tree is from an unnamed location in the USA (PDB ID: 1RvG). Both “Magnaporthe” and “Pseudogymnoides” trees are from Germany and Israel, but in the “Magnaporthe” tree they are from the same province. In the “Fusarium” tree, both species are described from Japan (PDB ID: 1VQh), and in the “Magnaporthe” tree it is from Germany. However, the “Magnaporthe” tree is from a different province, and in the “Fusarium” tree it is from the USA (PDB ID: 1SdX). However, the “Pseudogymnoides” tree is from the same region as the “Magnaporthe” tree, and in the “Magnaporthe” tree it is from the USA (PDB ID: 1AqH). In the “Magnaporthe” tree, the “Pseudogymnoides” tree is from the same location as the “Magnaporthe” tree, and in the “Magnaporthe” tree it is from the USA (PDB ID: 1YiH).


## Discussion

Several species of Xanthoparmelia are proposed to be important in the evolution of plant pathogenic fungi (including the brown-rot pathogenic basidiomycete . niger) [64-66]. In this study, we found X. niger was the most frequently isolated species from wheat, while it was also the most abundant yeast in wheat samples collected in 2008 (Figure 3). This result corroborates the results of previous studies [67, 68] where it was the most frequently isolated species from wheat.

We also found that X. larici-populina was the most abundant species in the wheat samples collected in 2008. The phenotypic features of X. larici-populina are similar to those of P. briggsae and P. victoriae, the same species used in the previous study [68]. In this study, X. larici-populina was present in two wheat samples, but in both, the most abundant yeast was recovered, and the other two species were not observed. In contrast, P. victoriae was present in wheat samples and was the most frequently isolated yeast. We found no P. victoriae or P. briggsae in this study. In the previous study, the species was also present in wheat samples, and it was the most frequent isolated yeast. However, this study did not include P. victoriae, which is known to be one of the most abundant yeast species in wheat [69].

It is also interesting that P. briggsae was not present in wheat samples. This yeast was present in wheat samples and was most frequently isolated in 2008 (Figure 4). In 2008, P. briggsae was the most abundant yeast in wheat samples. The results indicated that P. briggsae is an important species for wheat, as it is the most frequently isolated yeast from wheat samples.

The fungus Fusarium graminearum was isolated in 2008, and it was the most abundant yeast in 2008 (Figure 5). It was present in wheat samples, but it was not observed in 2008 (Figure 5).

The yeast C. neoformans was isolated in 2008, and it was the most abundant yeast in 2008 (Figure 6). The results indicated that C. neoformans is a fungal pathogen and a frequent yeast in wheat and barley [70]. C.
