# PI-catalyzed digestion and rapid identification of amylase and activase in revision of Cryptococcus neoformans virulence
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Tuberculosis (TB) is the leading cause of adult meningitis in sub-Saharan Africa, accounting for 15-20% of all TB deaths there. The objective of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of three new molecular diagnostic tests for tuberculous meningitis in patients suspected of tuberculous meningitis (TBM).

This was a double-blind, controlled trial of ten African patients diagnosed with TBM at Ugandan armory with or without an incidental diagnosis of TBM from January 2013 to April 2014 at Kampala and Freetown hospitals, respectively. TBM was diagnosed at the time of recruitment in 95 patients.


## Introduction
Biotechnological application of metal nanoparticles (AgNPs) is an important research topic in nanomedicine. AgNPs are nano-sized particles with electrostatic charge and are very durable and self-breathing. They are usually deposited in nanoparticle deposition vesicles (APVs), such as nanopellets, nanodepsons, nanodilators, or liposomes. APVs are usually deposited in supernatant (liposomes) or in the carriers of nanoparticles (liposomes) (Figure 1) or suspended in water (water-based) (Figure 2). The hydrophilic liposomes are typically incorporated into nanoparticles by the action of nanoparticle electrostatic charge or hydrophobic interaction (see Figure 1). The hydrophilic liposomes can be used for the preparation of nanoparticles by removing lipids or peptides (see Figure 1). The hydrophobic hydrophilic liposomes are used for preparation of nanoparticles by physical adsorption (see Figure 1) (see Figure 1). The hydrophobic hydrophilic liposomes are used for the preparation of nanoparticles by electrostatic charge (see Figure 1) (see Figure 1). The hydrophilic liposomes can be used for the preparation of nanoparticles by electrostatic charge (see Figure 1) (see Figure 1).

In this study, we developed a method for the preparation of metal nanoparticles using AgNPs. We tested the efficiency of the method for the preparation of AgNPs by electrostatic charge (see Figure 1).


## Methods

Protein samples were prepared by culturing Cryptococcus neoformans cells in RPMI 1640 medium at 37°. Cells were harvested and washed with PBS, counted, and suspended in RPMI medium. Cell concentration was adjusted to 0.5 McFarland turbidity.

Transcriptional analysis of Cryptococcus neoformans amylase was performed by the method of Pierce et al. (1957) using a modified cDNA synthesis kit and a forward primer of 5'-CTTGGAGCAGGCTGCAGC-3' and reverse primer of 5'-CTCAGCGCCAGTCG-3'. PCR amplification was performed with the universal PCR primers forward primer CACTCGCTGGAGTTGGGTCATAG and reverse primer CAGCGCTGGCCGCTGATAT-3' (Supplementary Table S1). The amplification efficiency of C. neoformans amylase was measured using a Bio-Rad CFX384 Plus (Bio-Rad, Hercules, CA) at the desired concentration. All results are shown as the mean ± SEM of at least three independent experiments.

DNA extraction and quantification
For DNA extraction, mycelia were harvested by vacuum filtration, washed in sterile PBS and snap frozen on dry ice. The mycelia were ground in liquid nitrogen with a mortar and pestle, and the RNA was extracted using the QIAamp RNA Mini Kit (Qiagen, Hilden, Germany) according to the manufacturer’s protocol. The DNA was precipitated with ice-cold ethanol and then was centrifuged at 13 000 rpm for 5 min at 4°C. The supernatant was removed and the RNA was precipitated with ethanol and then was centrifuged at 13 000 rpm for 5 min at 4°C. The pellet was washed with 70% ethanol, dried, and then resuspended in 500 µL of TE buffer. DNA extraction was performed with the DNA mini kit (Qiagen, Hilden, Germany) according to the manufacturer’s protocol.

Quantification of amylase activity was performed with the C_10N_3 enzyme assay kit (Amersham Biosciences, Uppsala, Sweden) according to the manufacturer’s protocol. The reaction was initiated with 10 µL of C. neoformans amylase, and the reaction was stopped with 0.


## Results

Identification of novel peptidases in Cryptococcus

We have identified novel peptidases in Cryptococcus using the BLASTX program of the NCBI databas. In addition, we identified novel peptidases in N. crassa (ScNpa3) using the BLASTX program of the NCBI database. The sequence of N. crassa NPS2 (NPS2) and NPS3 (NPS3) are shown in Fig 1, 2, 3. NPS2 is a peptidase from the family S1. In NPS2, NPS2 and NPS3 are well conserved peptidases with identical peptidase domains. Both NPS2 and NPS3 peptidases are highly abundant in Cryptococcus species and only NPS2 has a few unique peptidases.

A putative novel peptidase of NPS2 was identified by performing BLASTx search of NCBI's FungiDB using the NCBI proteomics database. BLASTx search identified sequences with similar sequences in other fungal species and no obvious similarities in the NPS2 peptidases in N. crassa, N. ovarii or N. crassa. BLASTx search identified a putative NPS2 peptidase from N. crassa (ScNpa3) using the BLASTX program of the NCBI database. This putative peptidase sequence is unique in NPS2. BLASTx search identified a putative NPS2 peptidase sequence from N. crassa using the NCBI proteomics database. The BLASTx search identified sequences with similarity to NPS2 and NPS3 proteins. The BLASTx search identified a putative NPS3 peptidase from N. crassa using the NCBI proteomics database. The BLASTx search identified a putative NPS3 peptidase from N. crassa using the NCBI proteomics database. The BLASTx search identified a putative NPS1 peptidase from N. crassa using the NCBI proteomics database. The BLASTx search identified a putative NPS1 peptidase from N. crassa using the NCBI proteomics database. The BLASTx search identified a putative NPS2 peptidase from N. crassa using the NCBI proteomics database.


## Discussion
mellonella larva as a mode. The antifungal activity of the native enzyme of C. neoformans is similar to that of the native enzyme [11]. This is in agreement with the report of Fiske et al. [26], who reported a higher antifungal activity of C. albicans C. albicans enzyme. In addition, the C. neoformans serotype was less sensitive to glucanase and phospholipase, which are enzyme substrates of cell wall biosynthesis, in comparison to the native enzyme [11]. However, the amount of glucanase was lower than that of phospholipase, which is a substrate for glucanase, and it was also higher than that of proteinase. This difference could be due to the difference in the method used in the two studies. The fungus is a plant pathogen, and the native enzyme is a substrate for proteinase. The level of proteinase is higher in C. albicans [27] and the enzyme is also expressed in the lung and liver [10], and it could be caused by the different substrate. This result would suggest that the native enzyme is higher in C. albicans than C. neoformans. The reason could be due to the lower sugar concentration of the native enzyme. In addition, the concentration of C. albicans enzyme in the livers of mice is low [27]. The difference in enzyme concentration in the liver of mice could be due to the presence of sugar metabolism enzymes that produce glucose [28]. The native enzyme could be the reason for the higher concentration of C. albicans in the liver of mice. The sugar metabolism enzyme is present in the liver, which is the main body for the synthesis of energy. This could be the reason for the higher concentration of C. albicans in the liver. The enzyme can be the reason for the higher concentration of C. albicans in the liver, as a result of the high sugar concentration of the liver [29]. This result would suggest that the native enzyme is higher in C. albicans than C. neoformans. The result of the study by Park et al. [10] might be related to the differences in the enzyme concentration of the native and endogenous enzymes. The difference in the concentration of endogenous enzyme in the liver of mice might be related to the presence of the enzyme in the liver.
