# Potentiation of Antifungal Activity from Ethanolic Extracts of Mucor circinelloides on Candida albicans Using In vitro/in vivo Modeling
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Methionine is a common precursor to both Laurene and Laurentines. Its roles as a biological control agent and a chemical precursor of many chemicals have been recognized over the years. In the present study, the effects of various possible active principles (CPs) were tested against 32 Lodderomyces dioica strains and their ability to inhibit Lysin B1 (LysB1) degradation was evaluated by chemical reduction and mass spectrometry analysis. The results indicated that several active principles (CPs and PPs) could be classified into Lysin B1 (LysB1) and Lysin B2 (LysB2). The significant inhibitory effect of Lysin B1 on L. dioica germinating microorganisms was observed for Bacillus cereus, L. globosa and L. piriformis. The presence of Lysin B1 was evident when the collected samples were treated with a benzotriazole, and this effect was alleviated when the collected samples were subjected to treatment with a reduction and millimiter dilution method. Lysin B1 was detected in a concentration-dependent manner in samples collected at 1 day incubation, and this concentration-dependent manner was diminished when samples were collected at the end of the treatment with a reduction and dilution method. Moreover, the in vitro studies revealed that the fractions from the treated samples exhibited a significant inhibitory effect on L.


## Introduction
Bacteria are the most abundant component of the microbiome of a body of water (BWI). Bacteria are small, facultative, and commensal microflora, with the most abundant being members of the Firmicutes, Bacteroidetes, and Bacteroidetes. The Firmicutes comprise a dominant group of commensal bacteria with a highly heterogeneous distribution, with Bacteroidetes accounting for 70% of the total number of bacteria in the gut (Bittner and Kuehn, 2007). Bacteroids are also considered to be members of the Firmicutes, although they are typically found in lower numbers in the gut compared to Bacteroid colonists. The Bacteroids can be found in the gut of most healthy individuals and can influence a range of physiological processes including gut homeostasis, gut homeostasis, and immune homeostasis (Casadevall and Gomes, 2005; Kuehn and Gomes, 2007; Stenmark et al., 2008; Alves-de-Rosso et al., 2009; Stenmark and Gomes, 2009).


## Methods
In vivo bioassay was conducted using a previously described method [9. The bioactivity of the compounds was determined by measuring the biofilm formation on the surface of the solid medium of an Escherichia coli strain MG16-2 (Invitrogen, USA). To determine the antimicrobial activity of the compounds obtained from the in vivo bioassay, the test medium was sterilized by autoclaving at 121°C for 30 minutes, and then the suspension of the growth medium was transferred into a 96-well plate. The minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) values of the compounds were determined by measuring the biofilm reduction of the medium as a percentage of the dry cell weight (DW) [10]. The assay was performed in duplicate, and the minimal inhibitory concentration (MIC_50) and MIC_90 were defined as the lowest concentration of the compounds that caused the reduction of biofilm density. In order to analyze the synergistic and antagonistic interactions between the in vitro and in vivo bioassay, the different compounds were combined to give a concentration range of 0.0, 1.0, 2.0, and 3.0 mg/L. The bioassay was conducted in triplicate, and the MIC_50 and MIC_90 of the compounds were determined.

In vitro and in vivo bioassay of a-analogous compounds
The in vitro bioassay of a-analogous compounds was carried out using a previously described method [9]. Briefly, the in vitro bioassay of a-analogous compounds was performed with the in vitro model described above. The in vitro bioassay of a-analogous compounds was performed using a previously described method [9]. The in vivo bioassay of a-analogous compounds was performed with a previously described method [9]. The in vitro bioassay of a-analogous compounds was performed using a previously described method [9]. The in vivo bioassay of a-analogous compounds was performed using a previously described method [9].


## Results
albicans infection model was establishe. Candida was isolated from cultures of 10^6 conidia/ml. The in vitro C. albicans inoculum was 10^6 conidia/ml. Candida was isolated by intraperitoneal injection (injection) in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) of 1.5^7 conidia/ml (Fig 1A). In contrast, the in vivo C. albicans inoculum was 10^7 conidia/ml (Fig 1B). The in vivo C. albicans inoculum was 100-200 conidia/ml in the CSF. In addition, the intracellular growth of C. albicans was evaluated by incubating the fungus in CSF. The intracellular growth of C. albicans was evaluated by incubating the fungus in CSF with 100-200 conidia/ml in the CSF for 4 h. No difference was observed in the growth of C. albicans in the CSF between the two groups. As expected, in the CSF, C. albicans was able to colonize the CSF from the CSF at a similar rate as in the airway and the CSF from the blood, while the in the CSF from the blood and blood from mice treated with 50 g/l amphotericin B and fluconazole resulted in different numbers of viable C. albicans cells. These results showed that in vitro Candida infection is able to colonize the CSF from the CSF using amphotericin B and fluconazole, whereas in vivo Candida infection is not able to colonize the CSF in vivo.

In vivo Candida Infection is a Ratio Effect with a Threshold for Survival
In vivo Candida infection is a promising model to study the antifungal activity of in vitro Candida infection in mice. In order to test the in vivo activity of in vitro Candida infection in vivo, mice were challenged with 10^6 C. albicans conidia/ml. The survival rate after 7 days of infection was 25% (Fig 2A).

The in vivo growth of C. albicans in the CSF was evaluated by incubating the fungus in CSF for 4 h. No difference was observed in the growth of C.


## Discussion
Mucor circinelloides have been isolated from plant and human sources and are widely used in the pharmaceutical industry [29,30. It is a ubiquitous plant endophyte and is widely distributed in the soil and woody plants [31]. Moreover, Mucor circinelloides can be grown as plant extracts in the soybean, potato, and cucumber industries [32]. Therefore, Mucor circinelloides were selected as the primary antifungal agent against Candida albicans in the murine inhalation model.

The concentration of Mucor circinelloides in the airway and feces of mice was 1.2-2.0 µg/ml and that of Mucor circinelloides in blood was 0.7-1.0 µg/ml, with concentrations below 2.0 µg/ml. The results showed that Mucor circinelloides could significantly inhibit C. albicans and C. neoformans in the murine inhalation model. A dose-response was observed in mice with different doses of Mucor circinelloides. Mucor circinelloides inhibit the growth of C. albicans in vitro and the fungus in vivo, and C. neoformans was not inhibited in vitro [33,34]. In addition, Mucor circinelloides could inhibit the growth of C. neoformans and Cryptococcus gattii in vitro [35]. The presence of antifungal substances in the oral and vaginal flora of mice suggests that Mucor circinelloides might be a promising drug target in the future.

In vitro Antifungal Activity of Mucor circinelloides on C. albicans

Mucor circinelloides are known to be capable of producing bioactive compounds such as biofilm-active substances, bioactive compounds such as biofilm-active substances, and bioactive substances such as biofilm-active substances [36]. In addition, biofilm-active substances such as biofilm-active substances have been isolated from the marine environment, and they can be a bioactive compound [37]. Mucor circinelloides were tested on C. albicans and C.
