# Proteomic Identification of Interacting Protein Partners AmBisome and Its Subunits Challenges in the Formation of Interacting Protein Partners in Candida albicans
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
We present a case of an atypical Candida species with uncommon multidrug resistance (MDR) including multidrug-resistant isolates, unique drug resistance (SEC) mutations, and suboptimal virulence in an antifungal host, in a critically ill patient receiving fluconazole for the treatment of mucormycosis. The MDR isolates were resistant to fluconazole (FLC) and voriconazole (VCZ), were also highly susceptible to flucytosine (FF), were highly resistant to flucytosine-their respective virulence factors were different). The MDR isolates were also highly susceptible to amphotericin B (AMB) and caspofungin (CAS), but their drug resistance was not as high as that of the MDR isolate. These results highlight that the dual resistance to FLC and FLC and the suboptimal mutation of their key drug targets in MDR Candida highlights the importance of an accurate identification of these isolates as a “mDR group” under microbiology terms.


## Introduction
The genus Penicillium (commonly known as black yeasts) includes yeasts with a dimorphic habit, as well as species with keratinolysis, and also yeasts with a dimorphic habit, i.e., yeasts with the P. brasiliensis morphotype, which is different from P. lunata, P. americana, P. restrepiensis, P. venezuelensis, and P. lenticola. Penicillium species are among the most common fungal pathogens causing skin infections in at least 50 countries, and most commonly isolated in Latin America [1-3]. The genus includes more than 200 species, many of which are pathogenic to humans and animals [4]. Among them, P. brasiliensis, P. americana, and P. venezuelensis are the most frequently isolated species, and the majority of infections are caused by these species [4-7].

In the United States, most cases of black yeasts are caused by P. brasiliensis and P. venezuelensis. However, in Mexico, P. brasiliensis is most frequently isolated [8]. The majority of infections are caused by P.


## Methods
nidulans (Wu et a., 2013) was performed with the catalytic domain of A. nidulans AAS [AAS2] to cleave the AAS3 promoter to make AAS2-AAS. This reaction was verified by a PCR analysis and DNA sequencing, and the purified proteins were purified by reverse-phase HPLC and ALC-MS. The purified proteins were purified by Isopropanol-SDS-PAGE, and the purified proteins were dissolved in isopropanol and injected into a Turbo DRx HPX-87P column (GE Healthcare, Buckinghamshire, UK). The flow rate was 0.8 mL/min at a flow rate of 1 mL/min. The protein concentrations were determined using the Bradford method (Becton Dickinson, USA). The recombinant AAS were expressed in A. nidulans, and the expression level was checked by the standard curve method. AAS1-AAS.1 and AAS2-AAS.2 were kindly provided by Dr. Ramon Ortiz-Pérez and Dr. Maria L. Ortiz-Ramos (Instituto de Agronomicos em Pesquis y Nacional de Cultivos y Córdoba, Instituto de Micologia, Universidade Federal de la Republica, Ciudad de Valle, Spain).

To prepare AAS, the AAS were first purified using a polyacrylamide gel and then electroporated on a Perkin Elmer 16G polyacrylamide gel and subsequently on a Superdex 200 membrane (GE Healthcare, UK). The purified AAS was eluted with 8 M urea and then further purified by the SDS method using a Gel Extraction kit (GE Healthcare, UK).

The AAS with AAS1-AAS.1 as a control were also characterized by flow cytometry. A. nidulans AAS.1-AAS.2 was purified using a polyacrylamide gel and then eluted with 8 M urea and then further purified by the SDS method using a Gel Extraction kit (GE Healthcare, UK).

To obtain AAS.2, the AAS.


## Results
We first addressed the specificity of the peptide layer of amoeba in the fungal pathogen Candida albican. The peptide layer of the amoeba is a component of the membrane and is composed of a membrane-permeable polymer, the perinuclear membrane (Perinoëlsson et al., 2016). Since the polymeric perinuclear membrane of Candida albicans is the major component of the fungal membrane (Perinoëlsson et al., 2008), it was important to identify the interactions between the amoeba and the host.

In order to assess the ability of the peptide layer to serve as a component of the fungal cell wall, we used the yeast G. mellonella to check the ability of the peptide layer to bind to the cell wall. The fungus grew into the osmotolerance zone when grown on YPD agar medium with 25% FBS, and this zone was significantly decreased when compared with the control (Figure 1A). Next, we examined the ability of the peptide layer to bind to the G. mellonella cell wall. As shown in Figure 1B, the peptide layer of the amoeba was able to efficiently bind to the cell wall of G. mellonella. The peptide layer of the amoeba also was able to efficiently bind to the cell wall of S. cerevisiae.

To evaluate whether the peptide layer is able to act as a part of the fungal cell wall, we also used the dye calcofluor white to stain the surface of the amoeba. As shown in Figure 1C, the peptide layer of the amoeba was able to stain the surface of the fungal cell wall. However, when the peptide layer was added to the fungal cell wall, it was unable to stain the cell wall of S. cerevisiae. The presence of a peptide layer of the amoeba was also shown to significantly decrease the fungal growth in the presence of Calcofluor White (Figure 1D). To further validate the ability of the peptide layer to act as a part of the fungal cell wall, we next tested the ability of the peptide layer to bind to the cell wall of C.


## Discussion
2017. Consistent with these findings, we have provided evidence that the C. albicans AmBisome is a highly specific subunit of the aminotransferase complex (ATC) that is required for the fusion of a large multidomain protein (with a predicted C-terminal domain) into a single protein (Fig 6A). These findings are consistent with previous studies (Nakayama et al. 2017). The C. albicans AmBisome is unique among the fungi in that it contains a single unlinked mannose-containing protein (Fig 6B). Additionally, we have identified two putative C-terminal domains (CUF6 and CUF8) that are involved in the fusion of the C-terminal mannose-containing protein (Fig 6B). These data suggest that the C. albicans AmBisome is a distinct subunit of the ATC. Further characterization of the C. albicans AmBisome and the mechanisms by which it integrates these two proteins and contributes to the pathogenicity of this species is required to fully understand the contribution of AmBisome to Candida disease and its possible role in this organism.

We have previously demonstrated that the aminotransferase complex (ATC) is involved in the process of protein fusion and that the fusion of a mannose-containing protein with a mannose-containing protein leads to a C-terminal C-terminal domain (Fig 6B). We also demonstrated that the C-terminal C-terminal domain of C. albicans AmBisome is required for the fusion of a C-terminal mannose-containing protein with a C-terminal mannose-containing protein (Fig 6B). We have also identified the C-terminal domain (CUF6) of the C. albicans AmBisome as a potential protein partner for AmBisome in C. albicans. The C-terminal domain of the C. albicans AmBisome is also involved in the fusion of a C-terminal mannose-containing protein with a C-terminal mannose-containing protein (Fig 6B). Together, these data suggest that the C.
