# Proteomic analysis of FLYX-derived Ustilago maydis expressed sequence tags reveals antifungal effector promising immunomodulatory activity
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
A novel species of the genus Conidiophora (Bjorn Lomborg, M.D.) was described from an unknown rock in Denmark. Morphological characters, host plant and habitat associations and other aspects were described, including aspects of decomposition, culturization and ecology. Morphological characters, host plant and habitat association were also described. Three main lineages were identified. The first was a monotypic and heterothallic lineage, typified by two types of bordered conidia with a terminal subphylum, known as “core” species. The second was a lineage of bordered conidia, typified by two types of bordered subphylum, known as “sides of the conidia”, and “core” species. Finally, the third was a monokaryotic lineage, typified by two types of bordered conidia, typified by two types of bordered subphylum.


## Introduction
The polyene class of polymers has been a prominent constituent of the natural pigments and lipid systems of animals, plants, fungi, and bacteria [1]. The polyene class comprises of polyphenols (spermine, pheomelanin, pheomelanin, pyomelanin and styrium), flavonoids and phenolic compounds [2].

Pheomelanin is a melanin pigment formed by oxidation of 1,8-dihydroxynaphthalene (DNS) and is a part of the basic natural pigments and lipid systems of animals, plants and fungi [3]. The major constituent is rhombolol, an aromatic and phthalo-dermatol component which is essential for the biological function of rhombolol, a polymer of 1,8-Dihydroxynaphthalene (DNS) and 1,8-Dihydroxamino-d-galactofuranose (DD-gal-Furan) [4]. Phthalo-dermallyl is a pigmented pigment with a specific dimer structure [5]. The dimer structure is mainly composed of melanins and is distinct from other natural pigments due to their inability to form hydrophilic nanoparticles [6]. In addition, the polyene class is able to form hydrophobic lipids [7].

The composition of polyene in mammalian cells is highly variable. Mammalian cells are divided into two main cell types, plasma membrane-derived polyene-derived polyene-polyenes and cytoplasmic polyene-derived polyenes [8]. However, the biology of the polyene class of polyene has not been well studied. In mammalian cells, there are two main classes of polyene-based lipids, lipooligosaccharides and polyenes. Lipooligosaccharides are the most abundant polyene class and are mainly composed of variable molecular weights including two fatty acid residues: sphingolipids and stilbenyl palmitoyl (S)-polyenes. S-polyenes are a group of lipid-containing polymers which exhibit strong mechanical properties that make them very attractive as they have long dry-stain properties in solution.


## Methods
Fungi-tagged proteins were expressed at 1 µg/mL in the 96-well plate with 5% FBS (S1 Table. After treatment with the antifungal drugs, the expression of the tested proteins was evaluated by fluorescence microscopy. The inhibitor, E-3-8, was used as a positive control. After treatment with the antifungal drugs, the expression of the tested proteins was evaluated by FACS analysis. The antifungal drugs, E-4-8, were used as a negative control. The antifungal drug, E-2-5, was used as a positive control. The anti-FLAG antibody binding site of Fungi-tagged proteins was investigated by flow cytometric analysis, which revealed that the highly expressed and expressed fragments of Fungi-tagged proteins were differentially expressed in differentially diluted concentrations (S1 Table). Fungi-tagged proteins were expressed at 1 µg/mL in the 96-well plate with 5% FBS (S1 Table). After treatment with the antifungal drugs, the expression of the tested proteins was evaluated by FACS analysis. The antifungal drugs, E-4-8, were used as a positive control. After treatment with the antifungal drugs, the expression of the tested proteins was evaluated by FACS analysis.


## Results
maydis, we tested the antifungal activity of FLYX against . maydis in vitro. In the FLYX-based assay, FLYX was able to inhibit the growth of U. maydis (Figure 4). A significant reduction in the number of colony-forming units (CFU) was detected when FLYX was co-cultured with U. maydis in the presence of 0.1 mM FLYX, indicating that FLYX inhibit U. maydis growth in a FLYX-dependent manner. We next tested whether FLYX is capable of inducing antifungal activity. We first assessed the antifungal activity of FLYX at a sublethal concentration of 0.1 mM. FLYX is a hygroscopic substance that exhibits antifungal activity at concentrations between 0.1 and 0.5 mM. Thus, we used a pulse-flop assay to assess the antifungal activity of FLYX at concentrations below 0.1 mM. In the FLYX-based assay, FLYX was able to inhibit the growth of U. maydis (Figure 5). No antifungal activity was observed when FLYX was co-cultured with U. maydis (Figure 5). We next tested the antifungal activity of FLYX at concentrations below 0.1 mM. FLYX was able to inhibit the growth of U. maydis (Figure 6). No antifungal activity was observed when FLYX was co-cultured with U. maydis (Figure 6). FLYX was co-cultured with U. maydis and showed anti-fungal activity.

To assess the antifungal activity of FLYX at concentrations below 0.1 mM, we next co-cultured with U. maydis. The FLYX-based assay indicated that FLYX was able to inhibit the growth of U. maydis, and the antifungal activity was observed at concentrations below 0.1 mM. Thus, FLYX was co-cultured with U. maydis and showed anti-fungal activity.

FLYX Is An Antifungal Drug That Is Effective Against U.


## Discussion
asperelloides [14. Interestingly, FLYX significantly reduced the growth of T. asperelloides in the presence of fluconazole, a fungistatic compound, in vitro, and increased the antifungal effect of fluconazole in human monocytes. These results suggest that FLYX has a potent antifungal effect against T. asperelloides.

It has been reported that the major anti-fungal agents in T. asperelloides are fluconazole and amphotericin B [14]. Our results revealed that FLYX significantly reduced the growth of T. asperelloides in the presence of fluconazole, but did not increase the antifungal effect of fluconazole in human monocytes. These results suggest that FLYX may have a potent antifungal effect against T. asperelloides, but the antifungal activity of FLYX against T. asperelloides requires further investigation.

The MDA-MB-F3 gene family consists of four putative proteins, and the MDA-MB-F3 protein family is present in all eukaryotic organisms and is responsible for the transport of pro- and anti-paracoccin and pro- and anti-paracoccin antifungal factors [17]. In T. asperelloides, MDA-MB-F3 plays a critical role in the synthesis of pro- and anti-paracoccin [17]. MDA-MB-F3 also plays a role in the biosynthesis of pro- and anti-paracoccin [17]. As reported earlier, anti-paracoccin (MDA-MB-F3) plays a critical role in the biosynthesis of pro- and anti-paracoccin [17]. We further identified MDA-MB-F3 in T. asperelloides and found that the cell surface of T. asperelloides is enriched in MDA-MB-F3. The presence of MDA-MB-F3 in T. asperelloides is correlated with the growth inhibition of T. asperelloides. A. roseus, T. terrestris, and T.
