# Protein Signaling via Oxidative Stress in Response to Fungal Infection
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Pulmonary cryptococcosis is common in immunocompromised individuals and is thought to be acquired. However, its clinical presentation has never been investigated.

We present a case of pulmonary cryptococcosis with a histological analysis in a 72-year-old immunocompetent male with poorly controlled diabetes. He had diabetes for the last two years and was on corticosteroid therapy. He was admitted to the orthopaedic surgeon's chair for bilateral dysfunction, remaining only for approximately 5 minutes. The orthopaedic surgeon inserted a resected pituitary adenoma, which had a poor histological finding, and performed an extensive biopsy and biopsy staining.

A diagnosis of pulmonary cryptococcosis was made with the definitive diagnosis of cryptococcosis with cryptococcus. However, the patient was only post-transplant and had a poor prognosis.

The knowledge of pulmonary cryptococcosis diagnosis in such patients with poorly controlled diabetes may be useful to facilitate the diagnosis of pulmonary cryptococcosis in patients with poorly controlled diabetes.


## Introduction
 2014. In recent years, an increase in the diversity of pathogenic fungi has been observed in different environmental conditions such as in water, soil, pigeon excreta, and decaying vegetation (Ishino et al., 2007; Nagai et al., 2009; Ikeda et al., 2009; Steffen et al., 2009; Toda et al., 2010; Fan et al., 2011; Steffen et al., 2014). The impact of these pathogens on the host microbiome has been highlighted as fungal pathogens such as Candida albicans, Cryptococcus neoformans, and Aspergillus fumigatus, can colonize and invade the human host, and are able to cause disease even in the absence of any known pathogen (Rosenquist et al., 2007; Toda et al., 2010; Fan et al., 2011; Steffen et al., 2014).

The human fungal pathogen Candida albicans has been known to be more prevalent in the lungs of patients with CF and has the highest incidence in patients with atopic dermatitis, where an average of one-third of patients with CF die before they reach the third year of life (Krajaejunwattana et al., 2010). In the same study, the most common clinical forms of C. albicans clinical infection were isolated from CF patients (Candida albicans, C. glabrata, C. parapsilosis, and C. tropicalis) and from healthy individuals (C. parapsilosis, C. krusei, C. krusei, and C. krusei). Other Candida species such as Candida tropicalis, C. parapsilosis, and Candida krusei have also been identified as important opportunistic fungal pathogens (Hickey et al., 2006; Klionsky et al., 2008; Smith et al., 2009).

The mechanisms that lead to the growth of C. albicans in the lungs of individuals with CF and the colonization of the air spaces within the lung tissues in these individuals are not well understood. Previous studies have demonstrated that C. albicans is capable of adapting to several environmental conditions, such as elevated temperature, presence of moisture, presence of warm-up conditions, and presence of body temperature (Davoli et al., 2015; Rosentier et al.


## Methods
[13] using a ProteinsomeP Array™ (version .0.0) (Invitrogen, Carlsbad, CA, United States). A database of proteomes of fungi was downloaded from the NCBI and protein-protein interactions were created using the database as a reference. The information of the best hits to the database was used as a query to search against the fungal protein databases. Only the most intense hits were selected for further analysis. To check if the best hits to the database were successfully identified, the Search tool (http://www.ebi.ac.uk/Search/Search.do) was used to perform the analysis. The prediction of the protein-protein interactions was conducted by using the full database, the PDB and the DDBJ (release 10.0). The results were checked for the presence of a significant match, and the data were entered into Excel. The protein-protein interactions were predicted by the program Protein Predictor (version 3.1.2) (http://pdb.org/pdb.html) using the program HMpred (version 1.4) [14].

Transcriptional Responses to Microorganisms
The transcriptional responses to microorganisms were determined by comparing the transcription of the target protein with the target protein alone. The transcript level of the target protein was analyzed by the method of the RNA-Seq (version 4.0) [15]. The transcript levels of the target protein were also compared with the transcript levels of the target protein alone, which was analyzed by the method of the Sanger method [16]. The transcriptional response to the fungus was performed by the method of the Sanger method [17], which was also used for the comparison of the transcript levels of the target protein with the target protein alone. The transcriptional response to the fungus was also compared with the transcriptional response to the fungi, which was analyzed by the method of the Sanger method. The transcriptional response to the fungus was also compared to the transcript level of the target protein with the target protein alone, which was analyzed by the method of the Sanger method. The transcriptional response to the fungus was also compared with the transcriptional response to the fungi, which was analyzed by the method of the Sanger method.


## Results
fumigatus was inhibited in the presence of different carbon sources, including glycerol, succinate and trehalose, which were either not present in the medium or accumulated in the supernatant of the broth (Fig 4A. The extracellular concentrations of trehalose, succinate and glycerol were used to determine the effect of FK506 on the growth of A. fumigatus. The growth of A. fumigatus was inhibited at the concentrations of trehalose, succinate and glycerol tested, whereas the growth of A. fumigatus was unaffected by the addition of trehalose (Fig 4B). In the absence of glycerol, growth was completely inhibited, while in the presence of trehalose, growth was fully inhibited (Fig 4B). The addition of glycerol at concentrations above the MIC values (0.5 µg/ml) showed a strong inhibitory effect on A. fumigatus growth. This effect was observed in all tested conditions (Fig 4C).

To test whether the effect of FK506 on the growth of A. fumigatus was independent of the growth inhibition caused by glycerol, we also tested the effect of FK506 on the growth of A. fumigatus when tested with or without trehalose. The results showed that A. fumigatus growth was inhibited when trehalose was used (Fig 4D).

The effects of glycerol on the growth of A. fumigatus in the presence of different carbon sources are presented in Fig 5. Growth of A. fumigatus was inhibited by 10 µg/ml of glycerol (Fig 5A), whereas growth was completely inhibited by 30 µg/ml of glycerol. Glycerol supplementation did not influence the growth of A. fumigatus (Fig 5B).

The effects of trehalose and trehalose supplemented to A. fumigatus were tested in the presence of different carbon sources, including glucose, glycerol, succinate and glycerol plus succinyl-lactate. As shown in Fig 5C, trehalose supplementation was effective in inhibiting growth of A. fumigatus. Glycerol supplementation was effective in inhibiting A.


## Discussion
NADH-PKA-NADH, a member of the protein kinase A complex, is required for the inhibition of fungal growth by activation of the MAPK signaling pathway (42. The protease PKA regulates the expression of genes involved in the biosynthesis of cellular components including genes related to cell wall integrity (44). In addition, the protease PKA regulates the expression of genes related to cell wall integrity, cell membrane integrity and stress response (45). Finally, the NADH-PKA-NADH is activated by stimulation of the MAPK pathway (43). As described above, a strong-activated MAPK pathway is activated by fungal infection and NADH-PKA is activated by stimulation of the MAPK pathway (43). Our results suggest that the activation of the MAPK pathway by fungal infection is not only required for the activation of the two NADH dehydrogenases, but also for the expression of genes related to cell wall integrity and stress response.

The expression of genes related to cell wall integrity, cell membrane integrity and stress response was also induced by fungal infection. The MAPK pathway is activated by fungal infection and the protease PKA is activated by stimulation of the MAPK pathway (47). The results suggest that the activation of the MAPK pathway by fungal infection is not only required for the activation of the two NADH dehydrogenases, but also for the expression of genes related to cell wall integrity and stress response. Moreover, the expression of genes related to cell wall integrity was also significantly upregulated in response to fungal infection. The results suggest that the activation of the MAPK pathway by fungal infection is not only required for the activation of the two NADH dehydrogenases, but also for the expression of genes related to cell wall integrity and stress response. Finally, the gene expression of genes related to cell wall integrity and stress response was also significantly upregulated in response to fungal infection.

The stress response pathway, which is activated by stress, is activated by oxidative stress. In addition, the cell wall integrity and cell membrane integrity are critically required for fungal pathogenicity.
