# Proteobacteria and Bacteriophages Contribute to Resistance of Aspergillus fumigatus to Fungal Pathogens
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
HIV/AIDS co-infected individuals are susceptible to many opportunistic infections, and the number of new cases increases. In most cases, the pathogen(s) involved in the infection has not yet been identified. We have identified the C-type lectin receptor cAMPK in the opportunistic fungus Aspergillus nidulans. Binding of cAMPK to the p38 MAP kinase cascade in A. nidulans requires decreasing inhibition of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase, we show that this can be achieved by orally drinking the fermented milk of another A. nidulans strain. This phenomenon of drinking the milk of another opportunistic fungal pathogen increases the susceptibility of A. nidulans to opportunistic infections and the mortality of up to 90% of patients, while increasing the number of opportunistic infections among those susceptible.


## Introduction
Aspergillus fumigatus is a polyextremophilic fungus, which causes life-threatening invasive pulmonary aspergillosis (IPA) in immunosuppressed patients [1, 2].


## Methods
The cultures were subcultured onto fresh media and then incubated at 37°C for another 4-7 day. Fungal isolates were then isolated from the subcultured culture.

In order to determine the clinical isolates of Aspergillus fumigatus, a 24-h incubation was performed in a drop-out plate (14 cm × 12 cm × 2 cm). This was followed by a further subculturing on fresh media. Bacteriophages were subcultured onto fresh media and then incubated at 37°C for 1-2 days. After incubation, isolates were subcultured onto fresh media and incubated at 37°C for 24-48 h.

Phylogenetic analyses of the bacterial and fungal isolates
Phylogenetic analysis of the fungal isolates was performed by the neighbor-joining method using MEGA 6.0 software [50]. The taxonomic affiliation of the selected bacterial isolates was determined by using the neighbor-joining method, and the resulting trees were used to calculate the trees. The molecular type of the selected fungal isolates was determined by using the primers oSAT1-5/oSAT1 and oSAT1-7/oSAT3 [51] and the ITS region was determined using the primers ITS1 and ITS4 [52]. The taxonomic classification of the selected fungal isolates was determined using the Basic Local Alignment Search Tool (BLAST) program [53]. The molecular types of the selected fungal isolates were determined by using the primers ITS1 and ITS4 [53]. The molecular type of the selected fungal isolates were determined by using the primers fITS7-5/fITS7-7 and fITS4-5/fITS7-7 [54]. The molecular type of the selected fungal isolates was determined by using the primers ITS1-5/fITS7-7 and fITS4-5/fITS7-7. The molecular type of the selected fungal isolates was determined by using the primers ITS1-5/fITS7-7 and fITS4-5/fITS7-7 [55].


## Results
fumigatus was analyzed for resistance against various pathogens and antimicrobials by qPCR (Table 1 and Supplementary Table S1) and in silico analysis (Table 2. The reference strain and the corresponding molecular phylogenetic tree were used as representative for the present study. Of the 10 sequenced strains, three were closely related to A. nidulans, two were related to B. amylolentus and one was related to E. faecalis (Supplementary Table S1). The 16 other fungal strains were clustered in a clade distinct from other fungal species, and had no obvious phylogenetic relationships with any other fungal species. The results of the qPCR analysis of 16 fungal strains were not statistically different from each other, indicating that these 16 strains were not selected for further analysis (Table 1). The sequencing results showed that the bacterial and fungal community of A. fumigatus could be divided into two distinct groups based on the phylogenetic tree. The phylogenetic tree showed that the 16 fungal strains were grouped into two major groups, which were clade I (group I) and clade II (group II). The bacterial and fungal community of A. fumigatus could be divided into two clades, which were clade I (group I) and clade II (group II). The results of the qPCR analysis of 16 fungal strains indicated that the bacterial and fungal community could be divided into two different clades, which were clade I and clade II.

3.2. The E. faecalis and B. amylolentus Strains Influence Resistance of Aspergillus fumigatus to Fungal Pathogens
In silico analysis was used to determine the molecular mechanism of resistance against fungi. The 16 fungal strains were clustered into two major clades, which were clade II and clade III. The bacterial and fungal community of A. fumigatus could be divided into two distinct clades, which were clade II and clade III. The results of the qPCR analysis of 16 fungal strains indicated that the bacterial and fungal community of A. fumigatus could be divided into two major clades, which were clade II and clade III. The results of the qPCR analysis of 16 fungal strains indicated that the bacterial and fungal community of A.


## Discussion
Based on the epidemiological observations, the first line of therapy for invasive fungal infections should be to treat Aspergillus fumigatus infections, as the resistance is not recognize. The other line of treatment is to treat Candida albicans infections [5], and some Aspergillus species are resistant to the azole drugs [6]. The resistance of Aspergillus species is also known to be controlled by the expression of three genes, AAS1, AAS2 and ADH1, that encode the enzyme that breaks down the target compound, caspofungin, in the cell. The resistance gene AAS1 encodes the putative protein complex that mediates the interaction between AAS2 and a set of two ADH1-like proteins [7]. The resistant gene AAS2 encodes the putative enzyme that breaks down the caspofungin [8]. The two genes are expressed at very high levels and the expression level is much higher in resistant strains than in susceptible strains [8]. The resistance gene ADH1 encodes the putative enzyme that breaks down the Caspofungin, a chemical compound in the cell. The resistance gene ADH2 encodes the putative enzyme that breaks down the Caspofungin, a chemical compound in the cell. The resistance gene AAS3 encodes the putative enzyme that breaks down the Caspofungin, a chemical compound in the cell.

The resistance gene ADH3 encodes the putative enzyme that breaks down the Caspofungin, a chemical compound in the cell. The resistance gene AAS4 encodes the putative enzyme that breaks down the Caspofungin, a chemical compound in the cell. The resistance gene AAS5 encodes the putative enzyme that breaks down the Caspofungin, a chemical compound in the cell. The resistance gene AAS6 encodes the putative enzyme that breaks down the Caspofungin, a chemical compound in the cell.

The resistance gene ADH3 encodes the putative enzyme that breaks down the Caspofungin, a chemical compound in the cell.
