# PSA-Protein Complex Subunit o-Protein Is Critical for G-Protein Remodeling during Infection of Sporothrix brasiliensis
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The resistance to antibiotics has reached a new stage, where the use of antibiotics is limited by resistance to the broad spectrum of antibiotics. Antimicrobial peptides (AMPs) have emerged as a new class of antimicrobial drugs able to exert their activity at much lower concentrations than currently used antibiotics. These peptides can act as antibiotics in vitro, and in vivo, by killing microorganisms in the soil. The aim of this work was to evaluate the anti-bacterial activity of a composite of AMPs isolated from natural sources (peptides, peptides or glycans) and conjugated with elastin against Escherichia coli and Klebsiella pneumoniae in an experimental growth phase. Eight peptides were conjugated with elastin and used as the growth media for comparison. The most potent of the conjugated peptides showed a fungicidal activity against both species when compared to conventional antibiotics, with a mean concentration of 8.6 µg/ml for E. coli, 6.2 µg/ml for Klebsiella pneumoniae, and 2.6 µg/ml for Escherichia coli. In vitro, the protease activity of elastin was significantly higher than that of the conventional antibiotics with a mean concentration of 1.9 µg/ml, with a similar fungicidal effect. In vivo, the combined protease activity of elastin and the conventional antibiotics resulted in a significant difference of survival between the two species. The results presented here provide the first evidence of the combined activity of elastin and conventional antibiotics, and of the different protein classes of the different pathogenic bacteria, and demonstrate that these peptides can be used as a lead antibiotic for antibiotic treatment in the context of an experimental growth phase of K. pneumoniae.


## Introduction
C. albicans is an opportunistic fungal pathogen, which can cause a wide spectrum of clinical forms including skin and mucosal infections [1], [2]. One of the most common human diseases caused by C. albicans is mucocutaneous candidiasis, which is mainly caused by Candida albicans [3]-[7]. Other yeast-like fungi such as Cryptococcus neoformans, Debaryomyces hansenii, Malassezia furfur, and Pneumocystis jirovecii are also involved in mucocutaneous candidiasis. The Candida genus has approximately 10,000 described species, which are responsible for most types of infections [8]. Candida albicans is the most common species, followed by C. glabrata, C. tropicalis, C. parapsilosis, and C. krusei [9], [10]. However, the incidence of other non-albicans Candida species, such as C. albicans, C. parapsilosis, C. krusei, and C. dubliniensis, has increased due to the increase in immunocompromised patients. More than 80% of patients with oropharyngeal candidiasis are also immunocompromised and the mortality rate is as high as 40% [11]. This is an important issue in the management of oropharyngeal candidiasis because immunosuppressive treatments could reduce the patient's susceptibility to candidiasis.


## Methods
Briefly, the wild-type and <U+0394>amph strains were grown overnight at 30°C in YPD broth, and the culture was diluted to an OD_600 of .5 in sterile 0.85% Tween 80, and the cells were then cultured for 4 h at 30°C with shaking. The cells were then diluted to an OD_600 of 0.5 in sterile 0.85% Tween 80 and allowed to settle to the bottom of a sterile 0.85% Tween 80 solution. The cells were then harvested by centrifugation at 2000 × g for 10 min at 4°C, and the cell pellet was resuspended in 1 mL of 0.5 mL of 1× PBS and dialyzed by pipetting against phosphate-buffered saline (PBS) for 24 h. The cells were then resuspended in 1 mL of 0.5 mL of 1× PBS and plated on YPD agar to determine the viability of the colony forming units (CFU) and determine the number of CFU per gram of cell. The cells were counted and considered viable when the number of CFU/g of cell was greater than the number of cells per gram of cell [23].

RNA-seq data collection and analysis
For RNA-seq analysis, the wild-type and <U+0394>amph strains were cultured in YPD broth at 30°C with shaking. The cultures were then inoculated with 10 µL of the suspension and incubated at 30°C for 1 h with gentle shaking. The cells were then harvested by centrifugation at 2000 × g for 10 min at 4°C, and the cells were washed twice with 1 mL of 1× PBS. The cells were then resuspended in 1 mL of 1× PBS and plated on YPD agar to determine the viable number of CFU and determine the number of CFU/g of cell. The cells were counted and considered viable when the number of CFU/g of cell was greater than the number of cells per gram of cell [24].


## Results
brasiliensis with a pheromone receptor agonist showed marked activation of immune response, such as chemokine receptor (CPR) and immune response against infection (Fig 3, Fig 4A-C. Further, the protein expression levels of CCR2, IL-6, IL-12, TNFa, and MIP-1a were significantly increased in infected tissues (Fig 3A,B), while higher expression of IL-10 and CD80 was detected in infected tissues (Fig 3A,B). Finally, the expression of CD11b, CD11c, CD11d, and CD11e were also significantly increased in infected tissues (Fig 3C).

Molecular characterization of G-protein receptor-promoter complex
To elucidate the mechanism of G-protein receptor-promoter complex formation during infection of Spo. brasiliensis, the proteins in P. brasiliensis protein complex subunit complex was identified in the genome by nuclear magnetic resonance sequencing (NLS)-based nuclear proteomics (NPLP) and protein sequence analysis (PPT). The protein sequence reads were aligned to the P. brasiliensis protein complex subunit complex by Sanger sequencing. Protein sequence of P.


## Discussion
Cells of the spore complex undergo cell death [24. Cells of the spore complex undergo cell division and cell proliferation [24]. Cell death is the major event of Sporothrix infection. Therefore, it is important to know that spore development and spore size and cell cycle are important parameters for the infection of Sporothrix brasiliensis [24]. The expression of genes involved in cell division and cell proliferation has been shown to be highly influenced by spore size [24]. The gene encoding genes involved in cell division and cell proliferation in spore and cell size are located in the P450 pathway. In addition, the P450 pathway controls the growth of some fungi, including fungi with P450 protein family that are involved in cell division and cell proliferation [24]. The P450 pathway is a highly conserved pathway in fungi. It is composed of two main groups: (i) a-factor alpha-1,3-non-ß-1,3-glucan synthase (PKS) and (ii) ß-1,3-glucan synthase (PKSß) [24]. In fungi, PKS is the most important enzyme for cell division and cell proliferation. The PKS enzyme is involved in the synthesis of ß-1,3-glucan, a key component for cell division, cell proliferation and cell death. In addition, PKS is also involved in the cell growth and morphogenesis of Sporothrix brasiliensis [24]. The PKS is the major enzyme of cell division and cell proliferation. The PKS-PKS complex is important for cell differentiation and the formation of new cell types [24]. The PKS pathway plays a critical role in the production of PKS and PKSß in the cell cycle and in the cell division [24]. The PKS-PKS complex is a highly conserved pathway in fungi and is involved in the biosynthesis of ß-1,3-glucan and PKSß in the cell cycle [24].
