# Puccinellia spp. isolated from the environment and bioactive
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The filamentous fungus Fusarium oxysporum f. sp. cubense (FOD) is the main causative agent of vascular wilt in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and is capable of causing life-threatening infections such as fusariosis. In the early stages of fusariosis, the majority of affected fungi are in hypoxic asexual growth. Misdiagnosis of fusariosis is usually made when the causative species is isolated from the environment and culture media. The choice of treatment is based on the morphological characteristics, symptoms, and aetiologies of the affected tissue. The use of different antifungals, including mycophenolic acid, caspofungin, and amphotericin B, is recommended for successful treatment of fusariosis. The use of immunosuppressants, including, flucytosine and rituximab, has also been suggested as an option for treatment. The use of echinocandins, has also been suggested as an alternative to conventional fungicidal treatments. The efficacy of various combination of two or more drugs, including, fluconazole (FLC), is the most effective we identified. The use of intravenous (i.v.) amphotericin B as well as the use of oral itraconazole (IVC) is also suggested as an option for prevention of fusariosis. In conclusion, the present case report highlights the use of multiple classes of antifungals in the treatment of fusariosis, highlighting the necessity to choose the most effective antifungals, the treatment is effective, and the survival rate is low.


## Introduction
Lignocellulose-phosphate is a highly recalcitrant, disaccharide-rich mixture of sugar residues that is present in nature in a variety of mediums and forms. It is also present in several types of animal tissues such as eggs, milk, and hematoplasmin (1). In a wide range of organisms, LPS is associated with a range of biological processes, including pathogenicity, cell-wall integrity, and regulation of host immune response (2). Importantly, the role of LPS in human disease is increasingly recognized (3). A plethora of toxicants including polysulfide, flammability compounds, and toxins have been produced by bacteria, fungi, and parasites (4). LPS is an unstable, highly recalcitrant, and recalcitrant polymer.


## Methods
chaffensis was used as the positive control for the antimicrobial activity of the plant extrac. The bioactive, uncultivated soil samples were collected from the stands of Tuk-On and Tuk-Shukai trees, Tuk-On (Northeastern) and Tuk-Shukai (Western). The samples were dried at room temperature for two weeks and stored in plastic containers at 4 °C for long term storage.

Isolation of Microbial Conidia and Yeasts
The microbe isolation protocol for the isolation of fungi was adapted from the methods of A. Kanoh and T. Khanna (Insects of the Insect Host Colony and the Plant Host), which were described in detail in A. Singh and T. Khanna (Insects of the Insect Host Colony and the Plant Host). Microbe suspensions were obtained from the spore suspensions of the larvae of Trichophyton spp. and Bacillus subtilis, the larvae of Mucorales spp. and the yeast cells of Mucor pyreneae and Sporangia spp. The samples were collected from the insects of the Agar and Arabidopsis plants. The cells of Mucor pyreneae and Sporangia spp. were also obtained from these insects. The yeast cells of Mucor pyreneae and Sporangia spp. were also obtained from the insects. The phytotoxic effects of the extract were investigated in the preliminary screening of the different procedures, including the surface sterilization, the incubation at 35 °C for three days, and the pathogenicity testing. The optimal concentration of the extract (0.5-2.0 mg/mL) was determined by different microbroth dilutions. The fungal strains and their fungal structures were isolated from the soil samples of the field and the treatment was carried out in accordance with the recommendations in the Guide for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals of the Ministry of Environment, Japan.

Determination of the Antimicrobial Activity of the Extract
The antifungal activity of the extract was determined according to the standard method proposed by the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) (2009), according to the previously published methods [26, 27].


## Results

Analyses of Phylogenetic Analysis of the Derivatives
A total of 25 fungal taxa were identified in the crude extracts of the three selected extracts of . gossypii in the present study (Table 2). The ITS and nrLSU sequences of these fungal taxa were used to create the phylogenetic tree (Fig 1). The tree showed that the different rootstock species of E. gossypii (R. gossypii, R. flavus, R. vignae, and R. tricornutum) clustered together and were clustered with R. flavus and R. vignae. However, R. gossypii, R. flavus, R. vignae, and R. flavus are only well-supported as monophyletic clades in the Bayesian analysis (Fig 1). The main result of the phylogenetic tree was that R. flavus and R. vignae are more closely related to R. gossypii and R. flavus than R. flavus. Therefore, the identification of the isolated compounds by using the rpb2, tpb2, and tpb2 sequences of the six selected extracts of E. gossypii in the present study was concluded.

Phylogenetic Analysis of Derivatives
The phylogenetic analysis of the derived derivatives of the selected extracts showed that the extracts from the three selected extracts grouped with the previously described species of E. gossypii (R. gossypii, R. vignae, and R. flavus). The isolated compounds were selected to form a distinct cluster with the other six extracts. The cluster also showed that the extracts from the two selected extracts grouped with R. gossypii and R. vignae, which were well-supported as monophyletic clades in the Bayesian analysis (Fig 1).

Phylogenetic Analysis of Derivatives
The six selected extracts were characterized by the chemical structure of the seven-membered anomeric groups of polypeptides (C=N) and seven-membered monovalent groups (C=N) of the identified compounds (Table 3).


## Discussion
Furthermore, the UV-Vis spectra of the samples revealed the presence of a broad spectrum of hydrogen peroxide in the sample (Fig 3A. Furthermore, the UV-Vis spectra of all samples revealed the presence of hydrogen peroxide in all samples (Fig 3B). The UV-Vis spectra of the samples from the environment and bioactive substances, i.e., acetic acid, cytosolic and oleic acids, and the UV-Vis spectra of the samples from the environment revealed the presence of protonated and hydrogen peroxide in the samples (Fig 3C). The UV-Vis spectra of the samples from the environment and bioactive substances, i.e., acetic acid, cytosolic and oleic acids, and the UV-Vis spectra of the samples from the environment revealed the presence of protonated and hydrogen peroxide in the samples (Fig 3D). The UV-Vis spectra of the samples from the environment and bioactive substances revealed the presence of protonated and hydrogen peroxide in the samples (Fig 3E). The UV-Vis spectra of the samples from the environment and bioactive substances revealed the presence of protonated and hydrogen peroxide in the samples (Fig 3F). The UV-Vis spectra of the samples from the environment and bioactive substances, i.e., acetic acid, cytosolic and oleic acids, revealed the presence of protonated and hydrogen peroxide in the samples (Fig 3G). The UV-Vis spectra of the samples from the environment and bioactive substances revealed the presence of protonated and hydrogen peroxide in the samples (Fig 3H). The UV-Vis spectra of the samples from the environment and bioactive substances, i.e., acetic acid, cytosolic and oleic acids, and the UV-Vis spectra of the samples from the environment revealed the presence of protonated and hydrogen peroxide in the samples (Fig 3J). The UV-Vis spectra of the samples from the environment and bioactive substances revealed the presence of protonated and hydrogen peroxide in the samples (Fig 3K). The UV-Vis spectra of the samples from the environment and bioactive substances, i.e., acetic acid, cytosolic and oleic acids, revealed the presence of protonated and hydrogen peroxide in the samples (Fig 3L).
