# Pulmonary cryptococcosis induces colectabinogenesis in a Braziliankin
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Penicillium marneffei is a dimorphic fungus that infects immunocompromised patients, such as HIV/AIDS, and is the second most common cause of human invasive aspergillosis in Latin America. The fungus is found in healthy environments, causing disease in immunocompromised individuals. However, it can be difficult to distinguish P. marneffei from other filamentous fungi, such as Aspergillus or Clavispora, which have introduced a wide variety of host specificity. Thus, to improve detection and differentiation of P. marneffei, a genome-wide screen was performed.

The global screen identified 188 predicted genes that were present in all P. marneffei isolates analyzed in this analysis. The discrete regions present in the P. marneffei genome are the major source of our knowledge regarding genome-wide distribution and P. marneffei-specific genes are enriched in these regions. The regions that are active in normal mycelium, those that develop vaginosis, and those that have a filamentous structure are also active in P. marneffei. The P. marneffei-specific regions include the N-terminal C-terminus and the E-terminal glycine-rich regions. In addition, we found that the P. marneffei-specific regions are enriched in the N-terminal glycine-rich region.

The global P.


## Introduction
It is the third most common invasive fungal infection, after invasive pulmonary aspergillosis and candidiasis [7, 8. The number of cases of cryptococcal meningitis has increased over the past few decades due to immunosuppressive drugs and the advent of AIDS [9]. The pathogenicity and virulence of Cryptococcus neoformans is controlled by several mechanisms, including the cell wall integrity (CWI) pathway and the polysaccharide capsule [10, 11]. The CWI pathway is activated by cell wall perturbations, such as hypo-osmotic shock and hyperosmotic shock, and plays an important role in the defense against the host immune system and in the growth of yeast cells [12, 13]. The cell wall is composed of extracellular and intracellular polysaccharides, including chitin, glucuronoxylomannan (GXM), galactoxylomannan, galactomannoproteins and proteins that are important for the integrity of the cell wall and fungal cell viability [14, 15]. The different types of polysaccharides include chitin, chitosan, galactoxylomannan, galactoxylomannan, galactoxylomannogalactan, galactoxylomannogalactan and galactoxylomannogalactan [16, 17].

CWI pathway plays a critical role in the cell wall integrity, pathogenesis and protection against host immune system cells. In the presence of cell wall perturbations, Cwp1 and Cwp2 induce cell wall integrity, thereby controlling the transcription of the cwp1 gene and the cell wall integrity genes CwpA and CwpB [18, 19]. Under these conditions, CwpA induces the expression of the CWI pathway genes, CwpC and CwpB, which in turn regulate the secretion of various enzymes that are involved in the synthesis of the cell wall polysaccharide capsule [19, 20].

The CWI pathway is one of the important mechanisms to protect the yeast cells from the host immune system [21]. The CWI pathway is mainly activated by the action of the CCAAT-binding protein (C-Bru) and the Mid2 (high affinity binding protein) receptor [22].


## Methods
 2013. A modified version of this protocol was previously developed for the diagnosis of cryptococcosis in patients with PCP (Pulca et al., 2010). Patients with PCP were suspected of having cryptococcosis based on the presence of an infectious sign such as a marked/absent hyphae, or the presence of a white smear on the superficial surface of the lesions. The presence of lesions on the surface of the lesions was recorded as positive cryptococcosis if the central nervous system (CNS) was observed and the brainstem were partially open. The presence of a nodule or septum on the superficial surface of the lesions was recorded as positive cryptococcosis. A pathologist based on the clinical features of the patients was seen to determine whether the patients were infected or not. The patients were divided into two groups based on the presence of disease and the presence of fungal infection. The clinical features of the patients were evaluated for cryptococcosis by the pathologist as described by the pathologists.

The study was approved by the ethics committee of Hospital of the Federal University of Mato Grosso do Sul (CEUA-SP2016-07-02) and by the ethics committee of Hospital Universidade Federal de São Paulo (CEUA-SP2017-01-02).

Fungal mycobiont
Fungal mycobiont (FLP) was isolated from bronchoalveolar lavage fluid of patients with cryptococcosis. The fungus was identified by plating pure culture on Sabouraud dextrose agar (SDA) at 24-hour intervals for 7 days and the colony count was counted.

Plant infection
To test for bacterial growth, conidia were harvested from the lesions and cultured on SDA for 16 h at 25°C. Then, the mycelia were washed with sterile phosphate-buffered saline (PBS), and the mycelia were transferred to sterile flasks containing 3% (v/v) Tween 80 (Sigma-Aldrich, Saint Louis, MO, USA). Then, the mycelia were maintained at 4°C for 24 h, and the number of spores were counted.


## Results
brasiliensis induces the development of co-infection of resistant hosts and impairment of co-infection in . brasiliensis-resistant hosts (22, 23). To investigate the role of co-infection in the virulence of P. brasiliensis, we examined the impact of co-infection on the host’s ability to cause disease in a p. brasiliensis-dependent manner. Co-infection of susceptible hosts with P. brasiliensis reduced the virulence of P. brasiliensis in a p. brasiliensis-infected host (Fig 2A). To address the role of co-infection in virulence of P. brasiliensis, co-infection of susceptible hosts with P. brasiliensis-induced co-survival in a p. brasiliensis-induced p. brasiliensis-resistant host was also investigated. After infection, the host’s survival was assessed by calculating the percentage of surviving mice. Co-infection with P. brasiliensis significantly reduced the survival of p. brasiliensis-infected mice (Fig 2B). In contrast, co-infection with P. brasiliensis caused a statistically significant decrease in the percentage of surviving mice (Fig 2C). In the same way, co-infection with P. brasiliensis caused a significant decrease in the percentage of surviving mice (Fig 2D). These results suggest that co-infection with P. brasiliensis causes a strain-dependent and co-survival phenotype in a susceptible host.

Co-infection with P. brasiliensis induces host cell death in the host
Co-infection with P. brasiliensis induces host cell death in a host-cell-mediated manner (24). To determine whether co-infection with P. brasiliensis induces host cell death, we examined the effect of co-infection with P. brasiliensis on host cell viability. Co-infection of susceptible hosts with P. brasiliensis caused a significant decrease in the viability of host cells, particularly the neutrophil population, in a p. brasiliensis-infected host (Fig 3A). Co-infection with P. brasiliensis significantly decreased the viability of the host cell population in a p. brasiliensis-induced p. brasiliensis-resistant host, but not in p.


## Discussion
The fungemia caused by the antifungal drug voriconazole, a cofactor of the azole drug cidofovir, is also reported in the Braziliankin [13. C. gattii is considered the most common causative agent of HIV infection in humans. It has been reported that the decline in HIV infection in the Braziliankin is accompanied by a decrease in C. gattii serovar levels, which, in turn, leads to the decline in C. neoformans var grubii (VGIIb) infection [13]. The increase in the number of C. gattii strains in the Braziliankin has been previously described [13]. However, no case of C. gattii infection in the present case is reported. The case reported here describes the first reported case of cryptococcal infection in the present case.

Cryptococcosis is a severe disease of the skin. It is caused by the C. neoformans var grubii strain R265. The R265 strain is associated with severe skin infections and affects severely immunocompromised patients in Brazil [14]. The role of the C. gattii R265 strain in the development of the skin infections is unclear. In the present case, the patient did not show any skin lesions.

Voriconazole has been used widely in the treatment of cryptococcosis in the past. It is a potent inhibitor of the ergosterol biosynthesis pathway in fungi. Although the ergosterol is the main sterol that is synthesized by most fungal cells, it is also the main sterol that is synthesized by a broad range of bacteria and fungi [15]. The main sterol produced by the fungi is ergosterol and voriconazole. The ergosterol biosynthetic pathway has been described as a key enzyme in the ergosterol biosynthesis in C. neoformans var grubii [16]. The synthesis of ergosterol is regulated by several genes that are involved in the ergosterol biosynthetic pathway, including sterol-6-phosphatidylinositol reductase (SOGR) and sterol-10-phosphatidylinositol reductase (SOPR).
