# Pyomelanin production through the establishment of replicative chromosomes PROFILED EXCRETA on isolation of Candida glabrata cell surface protein
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Fungal spores represent a vast assemblage of life-threatening fungal pathogens. Here we used morphological and chemical diversity to predict the distributions of the fungal species with the potential roles of fungal spores in human disease. Phylogenetic trees were constructed from a dataset of 328 fungal genomes and included representative species for morphological, physiological and ecological roles, and also the virulence determinants. Phylogenetic trees showed that the fungal spore type is most common, followed by plant spores, endophytes and fungi. Spores are usually found in association with insect hosts, where they have specific roles in insect parasitism and host invasion. The majority of hosts do not infect humans, and the majority of these species are phylogenetically distant from other currently living fungi. The majority of human diseases are caused by fungi infecting immunocompetent hosts. Fungal diversity is not significantly correlated with disease incidence, suggesting that the origin of fungal diseases is not strictly host-specific. Host invasion by fungi can lead to disease in otherwise healthy hosts.


## Introduction
Macrophages are primary cells of the innate immune system. They are members of the innate immune system that primarily use phagolysosome functions to internalize foreign particles and initiate proinflammatory and immunological responses. In addition to phagocytosis, macrophages also release cytokines to help their function during infections. Macrophages are classified into two main subsets of immune cells: macrophage-derived inflammatory cells (MDC) and macrophage-derived and innate immune cells (ICL). ICL cells are mainly composed of macrophages that are differentiated from macrophages by the production of type 1 cytokines such as IFN-<U+03B3> and TNF-a. IFN-<U+03B3> is a cytokine that activates macrophages and facilitates the maturation of the mature macrophage to an autoregulatory state. TNF-a is a cytokine produced by macrophages and is a component of the innate immune response. Although the function of macrophages and ICL cells has been previously investigated, very little is known about their responses to invading pathogens. This is due to the presence of dead cells that are the precursors of the macrophage. These dead cells can be removed by the action of phagocytic cells. The macrophage can be degraded by phagolysosome maturation, release of lipids and proteins, and homeostasis of macrophages [1]. The macrophage is an active target for antimicrobial peptides (AMPs) and other microorganisms [2]. In the past two decades, several AMPs have been discovered in the clinical and environmental milieu, including Mycobacterium tuberculosis (Mtb), influenza A virus (IAV), human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), and Cryptococcus neoformans [3-5]. Due to the close contact between the phagocyte and the host immune system, ICL cells are considered to be one of the most important cells for immunity against Mtb [6]. Some of the studies have shown that ICL cells can be activated by M.


## Methods
 ^TM vector with EcoRI and XbaI restriction sites [20. The plasmid was transformed into the E. coli strain carrying a pCR2.1. CSP was isolated using the pMD-CSP method [21] and was purified from the cell walls of the plasmid by nickel/polyborate affinity chromatography (PBC) with a pRS316 Ni-NTA column (GE Healthcare). The purified protein was concentrated to ~30 mg/ml using an Amicon Ultra 10 kDa centrifugal filter (Millipore).

To generate pLC3-CSP, a fragment of 5'-UTR (3.8 kb) was amplified by PCR using the primers CSP-F (5'-AGAGTCACACCCCCGGTGGCAGC-3') and CSP-R (5'-ACCCCTTCCTGGGATCGAAC-3') and cloned into the pCR2.1 vector (Invitrogen) with EcoRI and XbaI restriction sites [22]. The cDNA was cloned into the pLC3-CSP vector (Invitrogen) with EcoRI and XbaI restriction sites. The recombinant plasmid was transformed into the E. coli strain carrying a pLC3-CSP vector. The plasmid was purified from the cell walls of the plasmid by nickel/polyborate affinity chromatography (PBC) and was purified from the cell walls of the plasmid by using the pRS316 Ni-NTA column (GE Healthcare). The recombinant plasmid was concentrated to ~30 mg/ml using an Amicon Ultra 10 kDa centrifugal filter (Millipore).

S. cerevisiae strains and growth conditions
The S. cerevisiae strains used in this study are listed in Table 1. They were grown in 200 ml YPD medium (1% yeast extract, 2% peptone, 2% glucose) at 30°C, except where noted.

Nucleic acid manipulation
The plasmid pAN7-KAAD [23] was used to construct pAN7-KAAD, which contains the 3'-UTR sequence of the full-length N-terminal region of CSP.


## Results
The apparent defect of obtaining exogenous exopolysaccharide from the extracellular environment (Table 3) was due to the high amount of extracellular exopolysaccharide present in the culture supernatant, which caused a high degree of inhibition of protein synthesis from yeast cells in the absence of exopolysaccharid. The defect in cell wall stability of exopolysaccharide from the culture supernatant was also related to the high amount of exopolysaccharide present in the culture supernatant, which could potentially disrupt the cell wall, and hence, inhibit cell growth.

Exopolysaccharide-induced vacuolation and cell death in Candida glabrata
After intracellular candidiasis was established, Candida glabrata was incubated for 1 h with exopolysaccharide-induced vacuolation. After this process, Candida glabrata cells were incubated with exopolysaccharide-induced vacuolation for 1 h. After 1 h of incubation, Candida glabrata cells were treated with exopolysaccharide-induced vacuolation, and then were incubated with the extracellular exopolysaccharide to determine if exopolysaccharide-induced vacuolation could be detected in Candida glabrata. After 1 h of incubation, Candida glabrata cells were treated with exopolysaccharide-induced vacuolation, and then were treated with the extracellular exopolysaccharide to determine if exopolysaccharide-induced vacuolation could be detected in the extracellular environment of Candida glabrata. After 1 h of incubation, Candida glabrata cells were treated with exopolysaccharide-induced vacuolation, and then were incubated with the extracellular exopolysaccharide to determine if exopolysaccharide-induced vacuolation could be detected in the extracellular environment of Candida glabrata. After 1 h of incubation, Candida glabrata cells were treated with exopolysaccharide-induced vacuolation, and then were treated with the extracellular exopolysaccharide to determine if exopolysaccharide-induced vacuolation could be detected in the extracellular environment of Candida glabrata.


## Discussion
We have used pLSU to study recombination events between the mating-type and the mating-type loci, and found that the recombination events were linked to the evolutionary history of the mating-type locu. We also showed that in the end, recombination can be triggered by multiple loci, even within a single locus. Our results suggest that recombination is a rare event in the nature of the sexual cycle, and that it is not universal.

Genomic rearrangements are common in the Pucciniomycotina (Palomaraceae) and Ustilagiales (Acromiales) as well as in several other eukaryotic species. This could be caused by multiple genetic changes in these species. Our data suggest that these rearrangements are not restricted to Ustilagiales and could occur in other genera. However, a detailed study is needed to test this hypothesis.

In our study, we observed two new alleles of the MYA-C type of mating-type locus in Fusarium (P. roquefortii) and the P. graminis (P. crocea) isolates. This indicates that the mating-type locus in Fusarium is conserved from species to species. However, our data indicated that some alleles of MYA-C loci may be unique to Fusarium, and may have been duplicated in other species. The duplication of mating-type loci in Fusarium may also contribute to the expansion of the mating-type locus in Fusarium. Although these genes were not specifically detected in the present study, other alleles of MYA-C loci may be duplicated. This hypothesis is further supported by the fact that the number of genes of the MYA-C locus in Fusarium has not been fully analyzed.

The phylogenetic analysis of mating-type genes of the Fusarium species complex and the basidiomycete Ustilago maydis is in progress. We will postulate the mating-type locus in other basidiomycetes, including Fusarium.

New MAT locus genes in Fusarium

Several genes were identified in the genome of Fusarium.
