# Radioimmunofluenced fungal communities in the subtropical Chinese seas: inferred relationships with bacterial and fungal communities
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Zinc and copper are essential trace elements in the innate immune system of the mammalian species. Although the role of these elements in human pathologies has been explored for several biotechnological uses, the high-fidelity record of their role in innate immunity is not available in living organisms. Therefore, we evaluated the in vitro and in vivo effects of acyl-cytokine (AC-C) in the innate immune system of wild-type mice. We then assessed the influence of ACL on the function of zinc and copper in the same system. In the in vitro system, ACL increased the surface ferrocyanide (Fcy) protein abundance, the accumulation of reactive oxygen species (ROS), and the accumulation of heavy metal-tolerant proteins. In the in vivo system, ACL-deficient wild-type mice showed a significantly reduced expression of the Toll-like receptor (TLR) and the C-type lectin (CL) markers, suggesting that ACL may inhibit TLR and CLR gene expression. In contrast, a hyperactive CL-deficient wild-type mouse strain showed an increased expression of CLR and C-type lectin genes and a significantly increased expression of the C-type lectin marker, CCL, in comparison with wild-type mice. In addition, the in vivo mouse system showed a significantly increased expression of the myeloid-receptor, Melanconazole, compared to that of the control wild-type strain. Finally, in vitro tests revealed that ACL-deficient wild-type mice had a significantly reduced expression of the tumor suppressor gene, MTL, compared to wild-type mice. Taken together, these results suggest that ACL may inhibit TLR and C-type lectin expression in a mechanism that may limit their therapeutic options in the treatment of human fungal infections.


## Introduction
Candida albicans is a frequent commensal of skin and mouth, but can also cause life-threatening systemic infections that are life-threatening in immunocompromised patients, such as those with HIV/AIDS, diabetes, and organ transplantations.1 It is also an opportunistic pathogen that causes life-threatening systemic infections in people with diabetes or those with cancer undergoing chemotherapy, among other conditions.2,3

The most common fungal species found in the oral cavity are Candida albicans, Candida tropicalis, and Candida glabrata.


## Methods
b10 [20. We selected the top 10% of topology with the lowest frequency of population replacement as the outgroup.

We performed a Bayesian phylogenetic analysis of the concatenated data matrix of the concatenated data matrix using MrBayes v. 3.1.1 [21]. MrBayes v. 3.1.1 (MrBHMM) uses a discrete gamma-distributed gamma-distributed substitution model [22]. MrBayes v. 3.1.1 [21] uses the multivariate generalized time-reversible (MT2-REV) model with a nonlinear rate variation for the rate variation rate matrix [23].

We also conducted a Bayesian analysis of the concatenated data matrix of the concatenated data matrix of bacterial and fungal communities in the subtropical Chinese seas: inferred relationships with bacterial and fungal communities in China
We conducted Bayesian analysis of the concatenated data matrix of the concatenated data matrix of bacterial and fungal communities in the subtropical Chinese seas: inferred relationships with bacterial and fungal communities in China
To test whether the phylogenetic tree was robust for the concatenated data matrix of the concatenated data matrix, we reconstructed a phylogenetic tree using the neighbor-joining algorithm implemented in MrBayes v. 3.1.1 [21]. We used four Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) runs for the concatenated data matrix of the concatenated data matrix of bacterial and fungal communities in the subtropical Chinese seas: (i) the first 10% of the trees (GTR and VCF) were discarded as burn-in, (ii) the remaining trees (LTF and VCF) were used as input for the analysis, and (iii) the overall phylogenetic tree of the concatenated data matrix was reconstructed.


## Results
The experiment was repeated for each of the microbial communities in the subtropical Chinese seas (Figure 3), except for the bacterial communities in the subtropical Chinese se. In the bacterial communities, the average number of bacterial reads in each community was significantly higher than in the average reads in each community in the subtropical Chinese sea (P < 0.001; Mann-Whitney-Wilcoxon rank test). The mean number of bacterial reads in the subtropical Chinese sea was significantly higher than that in the subtropical Chinese sea (P < 0.001; Mann-Whitney-Wilcoxon rank test). The mean number of reads in the subtropical Chinese sea was significantly higher than that in the subtropical Chinese sea (P < 0.001; Mann-Whitney-Wilcoxon rank test). In the fungal communities, the average number of reads in the subtropical Chinese sea was significantly higher than that in subtropical Chinese sea (P < 0.001; Mann-Whitney-Wilcoxon rank test). The mean number of reads in the subtropical Chinese sea was significantly higher than that in the subtropical Chinese sea (P < 0.001; Mann-Whitney-Wilcoxon rank test). The mean number of reads in the subtropical Chinese sea was significantly higher than that in the subtropical Chinese sea (P < 0.001; Mann-Whitney-Wilcoxon rank test).

Distribution of microbial community composition across China
The Chao1 and Chao2 indexes of the fungal community were calculated to assess the relative abundances of fungal communities in the subtropical Chinese sea, and the Chao1 and Chao2 indexes of the fungal community were calculated to assess the relative abundances of bacterial and fungal communities in the subtropical Chinese sea. The Chao1 and Chao2 indexes of the fungal community were significantly higher in subtropical Chinese sea than in subtropical Chinese sea (P < 0.05, Mann-Whitney-Wilcoxon rank test). The Chao1 and Chao2 indexes of the fungal community were significantly higher in subtropical Chinese sea than in subtropical Chinese sea (P < 0.05, Mann-Whitney-Wilcoxon rank test).


## Discussion
rd.org) for fungal gene clusters [24] or gene families. The CALRS database was searched against the Protein Data Bank (PDB) and SILVA databases (www.silva.org) (Additional file 1), and was searched with the alignment against the Proteome Project (PDB) (Additional file 2). The data set for the CALRS database was reconstructed using the unique gene regions that were identified by CALRS analysis. The gene clusters were assigned to specific fungal gene families based on the GO classification of the clusters (Table 2). For each fungal gene cluster, the gene families were assigned to the corresponding gene family by searching the family tree (Additional file 3). We then calculated the number of fungal gene families that are included in the CALRS gene family by taking the total number of fungal gene families that are identified in each gene cluster as the number of gene families that are present in the cluster. The CALRS results showed that the gene families that were present in each cluster were distributed in the phylogenetic tree (Additional file 4). In the model that was used to construct the CALRS model, the gene families were assigned by aligning their primary genes with the gene families identified in the CALRS model. The total number of gene families that are present in the CALRS model was calculated as the number of gene families that are present in the CALRS model. The CALRS model was used to construct a model to predict the gene families in the model. The CALRS model was also used to construct the model to predict the gene families in the model. The results are shown in Fig 2 and Additional file 5.

We then used the CALRS model to predict the gene families in the model to predict the gene families in the model. The CALRS model was used to predict the gene families in the model to predict the gene families in the model. The CALRS model was used to predict the gene families in the model to predict the gene families in the model. The results are shown in Fig 6 and Additional file 5.

The CALRS model was used to predict the gene families in the model to predict the gene families in the model. The CALRS model was used to predict the gene families in the model to predict the gene families in the model.
