# Rapid detection of Candida auris and related pathogenic microorganisms by a hybrid protein sequence analysis using high-throughput screening
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Antibiotic resistance is a worldwide problem that threatens the viability of almost all microbes. It is of importance to identify, characterize and control against antibiotic-resistant bacteria. The present review discusses the main antibiotic-producing bacteria and key advances in the field of antibacterial therapy. The discussion includes references to literature reports and reports from clinical trials of antibiotics against bacterial pathogens. Finally, we provide a list of patents that are considered for antibiotic-resistant bacteria, with their corresponding time-series data. It is concluded that antibiotic resistance is a growing problem, and that a huge amount of work is needed to find new antibiotics for the treatment of antibiotic-resistant bacteria. Furthermore, the control of antibiotic resistance needs improvement of the antimicrobial peptides (AMP) pathway. The present review can provide valuable information for future researchers interested in developing their own antimicrobial peptides against antibiotic-resistant bacteria.


## Introduction
The genus Paracoccidioidomycosis (paracoccidioidomycosis, asexual morph: Penicillium, Stachybotrys, Penicillium, etc.) is classified into three distinct groups: Paracoccidioides brasiliensis, Paracoccidioides americana, and P. lutzii (1, 2). The classification of the various groups was based on the anatomical and molecular characteristics of the sporulation of the cells. Later, a special group, the Paracoccidioides strictum, was proposed (3). However, the classification of the genera were modified by several authors (4, 5).

Pseudallescheria spp. are saprophytic fungi that form part of the Paracoccidioides spp. complex that includes species that belong to the order of the Vento- tomidornavirales, Vento-Leblans and Saprolegnia spp. (6). Members of the complex are widespread in the Dominican Republic, Venezuela, Brazil, Venezuela, Bolivia, Ecuador, and Argentina (7). The complex is divided into three subgroups: Vento- tomidornavirale, Saprolegnia, and S. loubieri (8). The most frequent genera are Vento-ToF and Saprolegnia, but several genera of fungi that cause paracoccidioidomycosis (8). The other two groups are Vento-ToF and Saprolegnia (8, 9).


## Methods
 of Candida isolates obtained from the U.S. Department of Health Services (HHS) laboratory (https://www.hhs.gov/). Candida albicans and Candida tropicalis were identified based on the species-specific profiles, and a comparison of the Candida isolates was conducted. The information about the clinical specimens (species) of the sample were also provided.

2.4. Isolation and Identification of Candida Species
Morphology of the isolates was determined by the colorimetric and colorimetric method as previously described [39]. The mycelial phase was harvested by filtration, washed with distilled water, and transferred to a microtube containing 20 mL of 0.1% Tween 80 solution for 1 min at room temperature. The mycelium was dried with a laminar flow hood, washed with distilled water, and finally ground with a mortar and pestle in a mortar and pestle. The ground powder was dissolved with 0.1% Tween 80, and the mycelium was extracted with 20 mL of chloroform:isoamyl alcohol (24:1). The extracted solvent was then added to the mycelium and separated by centrifugation. The resulting pure water precipitated with formic acid and the formazan crystals were dissolved with 0.1% Tween 80. The extracted solvent was then transferred to a dry tube and evaporated to dryness using a rotavapor. The residue was dissolved with 0.1% Tween 80, and the aqueous phase was extracted with 1 mL of hexane:isoamyl alcohol (24:1) and dried with a rotavapor. The hexane:isoamyl alcohol extract was then dialyred against a series of other aqueous and methanol-containing solvents, using a dialysis apparatus (Agilent 2100, Santa Clara, CA, USA). The hexane:isoamyl alcohol mixture was then concentrated to dryness and the anhydrous solvent was removed by evaporation. The hexane:isoamyl alcohol (20:1) was then evaporated to dryness, and the aqueous phase was dissolved with 1 mL of methanol. The solvent was then dialyred against a series of different methanol-containing solvents, using a dialysis apparatus (Agilent 2100, Santa Clara, CA, USA).


## Results
auris genome [19], we found that the . auris genome encodes a homolog of C. neoformans Acinetobacter baumannii, which is known to produce large-scale infections [20]. Therefore, we investigated the potential role of the C. auris genome in virulence.

To test the virulence potential of C. auris, we conducted two genetic assays. First, we measured the level of virulence by determining the percentage of clinical infection (Figure 3). Second, we used the C. auris strain Y265 to inoculate rats in a two-way interaction. The C. auris strain Y265 was an ideal host strain for the construction of a single colony. In contrast to the C. neoformans strain Y265, the Y265 strain caused no obvious symptoms on the infected rats. In contrast, the C. neoformans strain Y265 produced a more severe phenotype (Figure 3). The C. neoformans strain Y265-H99 was also selected because of its virulence phenotype (Figure 3). The results showed that the C. auris strain Y265-H99 was the most virulent strain (Figure 3).

Given that C. neoformans is a pathogen that can infect humans and animals, we tested whether the C. auris genome encodes a virulence factor. The C. neoformans strain Y265-H99 was used to test the virulence potential of C. neoformans in a mouse model. The C. neoformans strain Y265-H99 was used because of its virulence phenotype (Figure 3). The results showed that the C. neoformans strain Y265-H99 is the most virulent strain (Figure 3).

In the pathogenesis of C. neoformans, the pathogenicity of the C. neoformans strain Y265-H99 was evaluated by killing the nematode host. The C. neoformans strain Y265-H99 was used because the pathogenicity of C. neoformans was evaluated by killing the nematode host. The results showed that the C. neoformans strain Y265-H99 was the most virulent strain (Figure 3).

C. neoformans-induced alteration in phagocytosis of C. neoformans-infected rat salivary gland
As C.


## Discussion

From the results of the automated triplication method, we were able to achieve a high rate of detection of Candida sp. in all the Candida species tested. In addition, we also identified that a minority of the Candida species were pathogenic. It is worth mentioning that the results of the automated triplication method did not show any correlation between the number of Candida species and the type of the assay used, since these were still being evaluated after the early diagnosis of Candida species. The results from the automated triplication method also showed that the number of Candida species was much higher than that obtained by conventional screening. In addition, we did not find any significant differences in the detection rate of Candida species between the automated triplication method and the non-autofluorescence method.

As reported by other researchers, the ability of the automated triplication method to detect a large number of Candida species in a short time is critical to its success, since the number of Candida species is still being evaluated after the initial diagnosis. These results demonstrated that the automated triplication method is suitable for rapid screening of Candida species.

The screening of Candida species in the lungs of mice is a very useful technique for the screening of infectious diseases. In addition, it is also a very useful technique for the screening of other pathogens, such as the protozoa and viruses, and for other types of diagnostics. In this study, we identified and identified 12 species of Candida spp. In addition, the number of Candida species that were identified in the lungs of mice after this method was also higher than that in the non-autofluorescent method, which also confirmed this possibility. This high number of species of Candida spp. could be because of the rapid process of the automated triplication method, as also reported by other researchers.

Furthermore, we also identified 12 species of Candida spp. that were not included in the automated triplication method. These species could be due to the fact that these were not present in the earlier diagnostics and have not yet been tested in the real world. In addition, these species were also not found in other diagnostic methods such as the hybrid protein assay and the invasive mycobacterial detection tests, since they were not available in the clinical laboratories.
