# Rapid segmentation of Candida albicans genome reveals an allosome phylogeny and dynamicogenetic transitions
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Aneuploidy can be deleterious and can result in disease in some individuals. Aberrant polyploidia can be an effective therapeutic target, however, it remains to be explored whether there are parallel plastic mechanisms that regulate polyploidy. We investigated whether polyploidy contributed to the polyploidy of Aneuplasma capsulatum and the associated polygenic resistance phenotype.

Polyploid cells were isolated from plasma, a dividing endocytosed by cells of the endocytic protein O-linked N-acetyl glucosamine (O-GlcA), and cultured for 2 h at 28°C. The cell lysate was centrifuged at 2000 rpm for 15 min, and the amounts of protein isolated were analysed. The obtained results indicated that aneuploidy was associated with cell proliferation, transcription, and cellular differentiation in A. capsulatum.

Polyploid cells were found to be associated with polyploidy of Aneuplasma capsulatum, suggesting that aneuploidy was associated with cell proliferation and transcriptional regulation of A. capsulatum. This study further investigated whether aneuploidy contributed to polyploidy and the associated polygenic resistance phenotype.

Polyploid cells were isolated from plasma, a dividing endocytic protein (PDP) by cultures. The cell lysate was centrifuged at 2000 rpm for 15 min, and the obtained results were analysed. Polygenic resistance phenotype was identified in the PDP. Aneuploidy was associated with cell proliferation, transcription, and cellular differentiation in Aneuplasma capsulatum, suggesting that aneuploidy was associated with cell proliferation and transcriptional regulation of A. capsulatum. This study further investigated whether aneuploidy contributed to polyploidy and the associated polygenic resistance phenotype.


## Introduction
The incidence of bacterial meningitis continues to rise. [1-3] In the United States, the most common bacterial pathogens are multidrug-resistant (MDR) and methicillin-resistant (MR)1, 2 and penicillin-resistant (PRR)1. [4-6] For MR, the emergence of resistant strains is an increasingly significant problem. The high rate of resistance of MR to antifungal agents such as polyenes, lipopeptides, and polyenes causes multibiotic-resistant strains. [7-10] The rise of MR is also related to the emergence of intrinsically drug-resistant and even drug-resistant strains, which remain a major problem in clinical practice. [11] The emergence of MR has been observed in the early 1980s. [12], [13] In the 1990s, the frequency of resistant and drug-resistant strains was around 70% and 10% respectively. [14], [15]

With increasing incidence of antibiotic resistance, drug-resistance has become a clinical problem. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends that CMF patients with CM be treated with fluoro-sulfonamide (PS) for 2 to 4 weeks after meningitis. [16], [17] However, the proportion of drug-resistant strains is low. [18], [19] In 2013, WHO recommended the introduction of oral anti-fungal therapy in CMF patients, with a target date of year of 2020. [20] Fluoro-sulfonamide treatment is used for 5 to 7 days following meningitis, irrespective of the occurrence of bacterial meningitis. [20]

The mechanism of action of anti-fungal agents is to inhibit fungal growth and development. In particular, inhibition of fungal growth by phagocytic cells by azoles and/or echinocandins can cause massive damage to tissue, leading to death. Azole drugs are generally toxic and often lead to the development of resistance. echinocandins are fungicidal, but the emergence of azole-resistant strains is increasing.


## Methods
Candida albicans genome was sequenced by GATC (http://ww.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/GATC/) and the number of sequences is available for download (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/GATC).

To detect the presence of intraspecific phylogenetic transitions between Candida albicans and other Candida species, the P450_albicans_gene_P450_Albicans_intraspecific_phenotype_transitions database (http://www.candidagenome.org/) was used. Two different databases were selected: one containing the P450_albicans_gene_P450_Albicans_intraspecific_phenotype_transitions and one containing the P450_albicans_gene_P450_Albicans_intraspecific_phenotype_transitions. The P450_albicans_gene_P450_Albicans_intraspecific_phenotype_transitions database was used for the phylogenetic analysis.

Finally, to evaluate the phylogenetic stability of P450_albicans_gene_P450_Albicans_intraspecific_phenotype_transitions, the P450_albicans_gene_P450_Albicans_intraspecific_phenotype_transitions database was used. P450_albicans_gene_P450_Albicans_intraspecific_phenotype_transitions is a dynamic phylogenetic tree, whereas P450_albicans_gene_P450_Albicans_intraspecific_phenotype_transitions is a data structure structure. The data structures were built using the TreeView application on the P450_albicans_gene_P450_Albicans_intraspecific_phenotype_transitions and P450_albicans_gene_P450_Albicans_intraspecific_phenotype_transitions, respectively.


## Results
The latter phylogeny of the allosome phylogeny has been shown to be stable during the evolution of all the fungi (Kirk et a., 2004). The phylogeny of the whole-fungal allosome phylogeny was revealed to be monomorphic in all the fungi. As shown in Fig 2D, the Candida albicans and Aspergillus fumigatus allosome phylogenies were monomorphic in all the fungi. The divergence of the filamentous fungi is illustrated by the resolution of the branching in Fig 2D, which also shows the divergence of all the fungal species. The resolution of the branching in Fig 2D is shown in Fig 3. The divergence of the filamentous fungi is shown in Fig 3 with the resolution of the branching in Fig 3. The resolution of the branching in Fig 3 is shown in Fig 4. The resolution of the branching in Fig 4 is shown in Fig 5. The resolution of the branching in Fig 5 is shown in Fig 6.

3.2. Expression of the Fungal Allosome
The expression of the allosome was examined using a single-cell electrophoresis. For this, a single-step electrophoretic mobility shift assay was performed using a heterogeneous liquid medium containing 1% yeast extract as the cell medium. The electrophoretic mobility shift assay revealed that all the yeast cells expressed the allosome in a single step (Fig 7A), indicating that the expression of the allosome was not due to the inactivation of the allosome.

The allosome was expressed by all the yeast cells and was expressed as single colonies by one or two yeasts (Fig 7B,C). The expression of the allosome in three different yeast species (Candida, Cryptococcus and C. neoformans) was found to be very different in each species.

3.3. Expression of the Fungal Allosome
The expression of the allosome was also examined using a single-cell electrophoresis. In this assay, the reaction mixture was subjected to electrophoresis and the electrophoretic mobility shift assay was performed using a single-cell microtiter plate containing 10% (w/v) glucose. The electrophoretic mobility shift assay revealed that the expression of the allosome was not due to the inactivation of the allosome.


## Discussion
albicans and . glabrata lineages. The C. albicans genome contains multiple genes encoding multiple putative transporters including UDP-glucose, UDP-galactose, and UDP-galactose transporters (Table S1). This is in contrast to other fungal species, where the C. albicans genome contains a single transporter, the UDP-galactose transporter (Table S1). UDP-glucose is a major component of the cell wall and is required for a proper cell wall assembly and nutrient sensing [37, 38]. UDP-galactose and UDP-galactose-1-bisphosphate (Ug^2+) are secreted by C. albicans in the form of UDP-glucose, which is a major component of the cell wall. UDP-galactose-1-bisphosphate (Ug^2+) is produced by the endoplasmic reticulum to provide the initial step in the formation of a cell wall in C. albicans [39, 40]. In addition, UDP-galactose, which is a major component of the cell wall, is produced by the endoplasmic reticulum to provide the initial step in the formation of a cell wall in C. albicans [39, 41]. A total of 12 genes encoding putative transporters were identified in this study (Table S1). This data suggests that the C. albicans genome may be less homogeneous than other fungal species and may be more prone to gene duplication and diversification. It is interesting to speculate on the role of the UDP-glucose transporter genes in the C. albicans genome since we have shown that the C. albicans genome harbors four putative transporters (Table S1). Of these, four of them (DosA-1, DeA-1, DrosA-1, DrosB-1, and DrosC-1) are present in this genome. DrosA-1 is required for the synthesis of UDP-glucose and D-arabinose, whereas DrosA-1 is required for the synthesis of UDP-galactose and UDP-galactose-1-bisphosphate.
