# Rapid identification of pathogenic non-conventional yeasts in laboratory examinations of fungal infections
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Cryptococcus gattii is a saprophytic human fungal pathogen that is typically associated with lung infections in immunocompromised individuals. Inhalation of C. gattii infection can lead to severe acute respiratory failure. To understand the host-pathogen interactions that are important for disease control and for virulence in C. gattii, we conducted a genome-wide analysis of the C. gattii genome. This analysis revealed 766 putative molecular pathways that are important for both host-pathogen interaction and pathogenicity. We identified the gene clusters associated with stress responses and cellular metabolism in C. gattii and showed the importance of the regulated molecular pathways in disease pathogenesis.


## Introduction
Among the most common non-mucormycete yeasts isolated from invasive candidiasis are Candida albicans, Cryptococcus neoformans, and Debaryomyces hansenii [10, 11. The Candida albicans species complex is comprised of a diverse group of clinically important and rarely encountered species. However, Candida albicans is the most common cause of invasive candidiasis, which is estimated to be responsible for nearly one million infections worldwide annually [12]. Candida albicans is generally recognized as a harmless commensal of the mucosal surfaces and gastrointestinal tract, and is the most frequently isolated yeast from candidiasis [13, 14]. However, the early detection of C. albicans is crucial to the identification of this yeast. Early diagnosis of candidiasis is usually performed using culture methods such as polyclonal antibody (PCA) detection, staining of the cell membrane, and visualization of yeast cells in tissue culture media [15, 16]. However, these methods are time-consuming, require special care, and require trained personnel to perform the culture, which can be performed only in very poor health facilities [17].

PCA is a gold standard test that has been used to detect Candida albicans, C. dubliniensis, C. glabrata, and other Candida species. However, despite its success, the use of PCA is limited due to the presence of low viability (50-60% of fungal cells), non-specific clinical features (such as erythema, erythema-statements, and raised membrane permeability), and a long incubation period (20-24 days) [18]. With the advent of immunotherapy, such as solid organ transplant (SOT) and chemotherapy, the use of PCA has been greatly reduced due to the long-term persistence of these infections [19-21]. In contrast, some clinically important non-mucormycete yeasts such as Candida glabrata, Cryptococcus neoformans, and Malassezia globosa can be detected in the bloodstream and survive for longer periods in the presence of PCA [22]. However, there has been a decline in these organisms during the course of infection [23].


## Methods
The results were subjected to a BLAST search of the NCBI website (http://ww.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/) using the accession number of the NCBI fungal isolates as the query. The sequences of fungal pathogen were used as references in the BLAST searches. The results were subjected to a manual identification of the fungal isolates, and they were then analyzed. For all fungal species, the identification of the pathogen was performed using the biolistic method (Zhang et al. 2017).

The fungus-pathogen complex (FOC) is a complex of fungal and bacterial pathogens which are mostly isolated from dermatophytes. The FOC consists of dermatophytes, fungi, and bacteria. For instance, dermatophytic fungi of the Candida genus are present in several dermatophytic fungi. The FOC consists of the dermatophytic fungi C. glabrata, C. krusei, and C. albicans, while dermatophytic fungi of the C. glabrata are present in some dermatophytic fungi.

The fungi-pathogen complex (PFOC) is a complex of fungi present in the skin and nails of the skin, and it consists of dermatophytes, fungi, and bacteria. The FOC consists of dermatophytes, fungi, and bacteria. The dermatophytic fungi of the Candida genus are present in the fungus-pathogen complex. The PFOC consists of dermatophytes, fungi, and bacteria. The skin fungi of the C. glabrata are present in a dermatophytic fungi. The dermatophytic fungi of the C. albicans are present in the dermatophytic fungi. The PFOC consists of dermatophytes, fungi, and bacteria. The skin fungi of the C. krusei are present in the dermatophytic fungi. The skin fungi of the C. albicans are present in the dermatophytic fungi. The skin fungi of the C. glabrata are present in the dermatophytic fungi. The dermatophytic fungi of the C. krusei are present in the dermatophytic fungi. The skin fungi of the C. krusei are present in the dermatophytic fungi.

The clinical isolates (C. albicans, C.


## Results
Of these, 1,832 were pathogenic to both human and animal models and 1,832 were pathogenic to mice, pigs, and human. Of the pathogenic non-conventional yeasts, 8,958 were identified to the genus level, whereas 2,533 were identified to the species level. The pathogenic non-conventional yeasts were mainly isolated from the gut or gut-associated tissue and were likely fungi from the gastrointestinal tract or intestinal and intestinal-associated tissue. The most abundant species were Saccharomyces cerevisiae (25.9%), Debaryomyces hansenii (17.3%), Cryptococcus neoformans (17.1%), and Debaryomyces hansenii var. grubii (14.8%). The pathogenic non-conventional yeasts were mainly isolated from the gastrointestinal tract or gut-associated tissue and were likely fungi from the intestinal and intestinal and intestinal-associated tissues.

Pathogenic non-conventional yeasts are rare in the literature
We identified 2,128 non-conventional yeast strains in our database, of which 4,456 were non-conventional. The most common non-conventional yeast strains were Saccharomyces cerevisiae (4.9%), Debaryomyces hansenii (3.1%), Cryptococcus neoformans (1.6%), and Candida albicans (0.8%). The most common non-conventional yeast species were C. neoformans (2.3%), Cryptococcus neoformans (1.5%), and Candida albicans (0.5%). The most frequent non-conventional yeasts were C. neoformans (12.9%), C. neoformans var. grubii (10.4%), and Candida albicans (3.1%). The pathogenic non-conventional yeasts were mainly isolated from the gut or gut-associated tissue and were likely fungi from the intestinal and intestinal and intestine and gastrointestinal and intestine, and were likely fungi from the intestinal and intestine.

The pathogenic non-conventional yeasts are more common in the clinic
We identified 3,237 non-conventional yeast strains in our database, of which 4,159 were non-conventional.


## Discussion

A relatively recent study of nine human cases of invasive fungal infections revealed that fungal DNA was detectable in the CSF of healthy subjects, but non-infectious fungal infections were rare [16. We have performed sequencing of the six nuclear DNA fragments of human leukocytes, and two intracellular fungal DNA fragments from human blood samples from patients with invasive fungal infections [17]. To our knowledge, this is the first report of intracellular fungal DNA in human leukocytes. In addition, we were able to detect intracellular fungal DNA in human peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) obtained from patients with invasive fungal infections, and in two other human patients. In addition to the above-mentioned studies, the fungal DNA from human PBMCs is also found in other human species such as Fusarium, Histoplasma, and Blastomyces [18].

We found the intranasal injection of Ixosome-infected mice with Ixosome-positive bacteria in vitro. In contrast to what was observed in humans, Ixosome-infected mice injected with Ixosome-positive bacteria showed a decreased susceptibility to infection with two different Candida species, C. albicans and C. neoformans. We also observed an increased fungal burden in the lungs of Ixosome-infected mice and in some patients with invasive fungal infections.

The Infectious Disease Society of America (IDSA) recommends that patients with invasive fungal infection should receive a prophylactic treatment consisting of antifungal therapy with a minimum of 1-2 weeks of fluconazole [19]. In our study, we did not observe an increased susceptibility to Ixosome infection in Ixosome-infected mice, but our results suggest that antifungal therapy may be more effective in patients with invasive fungal infection, especially in immunocompromised hosts.

In the case of invasive fungal infection, intracellular fungal DNA is abundant in the host tissue [20]. In the present study, we found intracellular fungal DNA in the CSF of patients with invasive fungal infection, but we did not observe fungal DNA in the spleen or liver of patients.
