# Reassessing the effects of radiation on post-harvest microbiomes
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
In addition, we investigated the effects of gamma radiation on the palmitic and fermentative mycobiota in samples irradiated with sorghum-sulfur mixed matrice. We observed an increase in the relative abundances of all the fungal genera Botrytis cf. abortus and B. pseudotuberculosis, and the yeast genus Dothideomyces, which were previously thought to be restricted to the tissues where these microbes exist. A decrease in the abundance of Sporothrix, the only class of these genera not associated with decontaminations, was detected in samples irradiated with mixed matrices. The presence of Sporothrix, along with the yeast genus Monoclonus, and the representatives of the two other fungal groups Mucor cypion and Morchella mackenii, Galatoda, Rhizopus, and Malassezia, in samples irradiated with mixed matrices revealed the presence of microbial communities that were previously thought to be localized only to the tissue tissues. We conclude that the sorghum-sulfur mixed matrices could be a promising system to measure the relative abundances of these fungal groups.

IMPORTANCE Recent reports on the effects of gamma radiation on the mycobiota on human health have highlighted the deleterious effects of gamma radiation on human respiratory and reproductive health. Despite the importance of fungal and bacterial communities, the effect of gamma radiation on the biogeochemical cycle in nuclear systems has not been fully understood. We experimentally exposed animals to four different doses of gamma radiation (400, 500, 1,200, and 1,500 mGy) and a range of intensities (energy (tot), volume (weight), and duration) to evaluate the effects of the highest dose (1,500 mGy), the lowest dose (1,200 mGy), and the duration (1,1- and 2-Mm), on the fungal and bacterial communities recovered from irradiated and untreated tissues. We observed a significant increase in the relative abundances of all the fungal genera Botrytis cf. abortus (16.1% of the total; 5070 samples) and Staphylococcus aureus (23.1% of the total; 4785 samples) relative to the untreated samples.


## Introduction
Neuropathological complications associated with infectious diseases are associated with low circulating immunoglobulins (IgG) concentrations, increased circulating IgG, and altered brain function [1]. Lack of IgG in the CNS is associated with several disorders including neurodegenerative diseases, stroke, and Alzheimer’s disease. IgG deficiency is associated with a variety of neurological diseases, including stroke, chronic alcohol abuse, and neurological inflammatory disorders [2, 3]. Stroke is a neuropsychiatric disorder with significant morbidity and mortality, particularly in the neonates [4, 5]. Acute stroke is the most common presentation, and occurs in the central nervous system (CNS) of about 20% of cases. Symptoms of acute stroke include deficits in cognitive and executive functions, deficits in social interactions, and disturbances of the immune system, which can be nonspecific and can lead to seizures, cognitive dysfunction, and impaired judgment [6]. Cognitive impairment can be present in both young children and adults. The impairment is characterized by aphasia, memory loss, abnormal language and behavior, and the absence of expressive language and behavior, which are common and reversible in young children [6]. In adults, the impairment is usually due to neurodegenerative disease. Speech and language impairment have a significant impact on public perceptions of the disease and are strongly associated with treatment failure [7, 8]. Neurologic complications can be due to a variety of causes, ranging from neurodegenerative disease, inflammation of the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF), and/or immune disturbance. The most common causes of CNS neuropathies are HIV-associated (VA), tubercular, extrapulmonary, and encephalitis [9-11]. VA typically presents as a progressive multifocal diffuse diffuse infection of skin, oral, skull, and thoracic tract. The pathogenesis of VA is complex, and the most common manifestation involves a combination of immunopathologic and infectious causes. The infection is thought to be transmitted by the respiratory tract, and the infection can be acquired by the direct inoculation of a microorganism through an aerosol or by inoculation by a respiratory secretory route [12]. As a result of the respiratory secretory route, VA can spread to the CNS, resulting in CNS vasculitis and stroke.


## Methods
We used a previously described method for microbial communities (Käll et a., 2017). We used 18S rRNA gene sequences from yeast species (C. vulgaris, S. cerevisiae, C. parapsilosis, S. brasiliensis, C. glabrata, C. guilliermondii, C. lusitaniae, C. lusitosporum, S. cerevisiae, C. dubliniensis, S. cerevisiae, C. orthopsilosis, C. pseudotuberculosis, C. tropicalis, S. cerevisiae, S. bacillisporus, S. sclerotia, S. cerevisiae, C. lusitensis, S. terreus, S. bacillisporum, S. pombe, S. brasiliensis, S. pseudotuberculosis, S. brasiliensis, S. trichosporum, and S. brasiliensis), and we used sequences from various strains, from which we obtained universal bacterial and fungal sequences (Table 1). In addition, we used GenBank (https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/genbank) to obtain accession numbers for our OTU sequences. In addition to the 18S rRNA gene sequences, we also included sequences from other fungal species, such as Aspergillus niger (C. dubliniensis), Candida albicans (A. fumigatus, A. flavus), Cryptococcus neoformans (C. tropicalis), Pneumocystis murina (P. murina), and several fungal species, such as Mucor circinelloides (M. circinelloides), Pseudomonas aeruginosa (P. aeruginosa), and Saccharomyces cerevisiae (S. cerevisiae), and other organisms, such as Penicillium pseudonana, A. fumigatus, C. glabrata, C. guilliermondii, C. lusitaniae, and A. terreus.


## Results
The soil types (Mains, Mains and Power) were selected for the following data sets: Mains (24%), Mains (33%) and Power (17%) soil. The mean fungal community size (MW) was compared to the fungal community average (average), and the results are summarized in Table 1.

The effect of radiation on the fungal community was evaluated by comparing the fungal communities in Mains and Mains (Fig 2). The fungal communities of Mains and Power soils were similar, although the mean fungal community size in the Mains was significantly higher than that in the Power (Table 1). The average fungal community size of the Mains was significantly (P < 0.05) lower than that in the Power (Table 1). In addition, the mean fungal community size of Mains was significantly (P < 0.05) higher than that in the Power (Table 1). However, the mean fungal community size of Mains was significantly (P < 0.05) lower than that in the Power (Table 1). The fungal community profiles of Mains and Power soils were similar, with the mean fungal community size in Mains (average, average, average) significantly (P < 0.05) lower than that in the Power (Table 1).

Effects of radiation on the soil microbial community composition and storage
The soil microbial community composition was analyzed by partitioning the different types of soil into three clusters, with the first cluster being the control, the second cluster being the radiation treatment (Fig 3). The most common soil types in all three clusters were Mains (26%), Mains (33%) and Power (17%). The average soil microbial community size in Mains (MW) was similar to that in the control (MW). In addition, the average soil microbial community size in Mains was significantly (P < 0.05) lower than that in the radiation treatment (Table 1). The soil microbial community profiles of Mains and Power soils were similar, with the mean fungal community size in Mains (average, average, average) significantly (P < 0.05) lower than that in the control (MW) soil (Table 1).


## Discussion
It is likely that the fungi isolated from the roots of infected plants were dea.

The DHA detected in the roots of the infected plants was different from that of the roots of healthy plants. These plants had a higher fungal community than that of the infected plants, indicating that the fungal community in the roots was not significantly different from that in the leaves.

The results of the present study showed that the fungal community in the roots of the infected plants were significantly different from that in the leaves. It is possible that the fungal community in the roots of the infected plants was more diverse than that in the leaves. This could be due to the presence of a higher fungal community in the roots of infected plants than in the leaves.

This study is the first to investigate the effects of the radiation treatments on the fungal communities in the leaves and stems of rice plants. The fungal community in the leaves and stems of the infected plants was significantly different than that in the leaves. It is likely that the fungal community in the roots of the infected plants was significantly different from that in the leaves.

The results of the present study showed that the fungi in the roots of the infected plants were significantly different than that in the leaves. The fungal community in the roots of the infected plants was significantly different than that in the leaves. It is possible that the fungi in the roots of the infected plants were dead.

The results of the present study showed that the fungal community in the leaves of the infected plants were significantly different from that in the leaves. This could be due to the presence of a higher fungal community in the leaves. This could also be due to the presence of a higher fungal community in the roots of the infected plants.

The results of the present study showed that the fungal community in the roots of the infected plants was significantly different from that in the leaves. This could be due to the presence of a higher fungal community in the roots of the infected plants.

The results of the present study showed that the fungal community in the leaves of the infected plants was significantly different from that in the leaves. This could be due to the presence of a higher fungal community in the roots of the infected plants.
