# Reassessing Classifiers to Screen for Exogenous Factors in Cryptococcus spp.
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The InParanoid project gathers proteomes of fungi from the four major kingdoms of life-affirming organisms, including the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans, and employs a combination of GeneSwap and GeneSeq technologies to generate proteomes of these organisms with unique genomic features and unique metabolic lifestyles. Using a validated genome assembly, we provide a pan-fungal proteome dataset that is of interest to pathogenicity researchers, as it can be used as a platform to further unifies functional analyses and gene discovery.

We evaluated the potential utility of InParanoid with a whole-genome analysis to identify proteomes of Aspergillus fumigatus, and compared the results to those from the literature. This approach yielded 67 unique and discordant proteomes, with profiles that ranged from 0.09 to 1.63 Mb. The highest number of proteomes was distributed in the northern and central hemispheres of the genome, whereas the least number of proteomes was distributed in the southern hemispheres. The highest number of discordant proteomes was derived from the north and south hemispheres, with profiles that ranged from 0.71 to 1.36 Mb. We also identified a large number of proteins that are toxic to vertebrate hosts.


## Introduction
are pathogenic microorganisms, most commonly isolated from the respiratory tract and skin, where they cause diseases that range from cutaneous infections to life-threatening meningoencephaliti.1, 2 These infections are most commonly caused by C. neoformans, which can also occur in otherwise healthy hosts, and are often associated with severe infections that can be fatal. Cryptococcus spp. can be isolated from the respiratory tract, skin, and even from the bloodstream, where they cause disease that ranges from respiratory disease to death.2, 3 Although C. neoformans and C. gattii can infect the same host, these species are generally more readily distinguished from each other by their greater ability to invade the brain.4, 5

The clinical signs and symptoms of cryptococcosis can range from asymptomatic infection to disseminated disease.6, 7 Although the incidence of cryptococcosis has declined in the literature, the disease is still present in some populations, such as those in sub-Saharan Africa and in the developing countries.


## Methods
., percentage of patients who were infected, number of days of the illness, number of days of the hospital stay, number of hospitalizations, number of hospitalizations after hospitalization, and duration of hospital stay) were classified into four major classes (class II, class III, and class IV) and the heterogeneity of the factors was analyzed using a t-test. The P-values for the two other classes were 0.05 and 0.01, respectively. The P-values for the class IV class were 0.01 and 0.001.

To test for the relationship between the class I, class II, and class IV factors, we used the Chi-square test to test the hypothesis of a significant interaction between the class I, class II, and class IV factors and the nonclassifiable factors. The P-values for class III and class IV factors were 1.0 and 0.01, respectively. The P-values for class IV were 0.01 and 0.05. To test for the relationship between class III and class IV, class III, and class IV factors, we used the Chi-square test to test the hypothesis of a significant interaction between the class I, class II, and class IV factors and the nonclassifiable factors. The P-values for class III and IV were 0.01 and 0.05. To test for the relationship between class III and class IV, class III, and class IV factors, we used the Chi-square test to test the hypothesis of a significant interaction between class III and class IV factors and the nonclassifiable factors. The P-values for class III and IV were 0.01 and 0.05. To test for the relationship between class III and class IV, class III, and class IV factors, we used the Chi-square test to test the hypothesis of a significant interaction between class I, class II, and class IV factors and nonclassifiable factors. The P-values for class III and IV were 0.01 and 0.05. To test for the relationship between class III and class IV, class III, and class IV factors, we used the Chi-square test to test the hypothesis of a significant interaction between class III and class IV factors and nonclassifiable factors. The P-values for class III and IV were 0.01 and 0.05.


## Results
The latter were also identified as potential targets for future genetic screenings of cryptococcal pathogen-host interactions (Table 3.

For the majority of these genes, we observed that expression levels of virulence-related genes were significantly higher in the fungal cultures than in the culture medium (P<0.05) (Table 3). The most abundant genes were all-transcription factors (Table 3), and some of these were significantly up-regulated in the culture (Table 3). These included genes encoding a putative zinc-dependent transcription factor of unknown function (Table 3), a transcription factor for DNA binding and DNA polymerase-mediated DNA polymerase (Table 3), and a putative protein for DNA polymerase activity (Table 3). Other genes were also identified as potential targets for future genetic screens of fungal virulence factors. These included a putative copper transporters (Table 3), a putative zinc-dependent transcription factor (Table 3) and a putative zinc-dependent RNA polymerase (Table 3).

A preliminary screen of the expression of genes associated with host response to cryptococcal infection was performed using quantitative PCR (qRT-PCR). The analysis revealed that a large number of these genes were up-regulated in the fungus compared to the culture medium (Table 3). The most abundant up-regulated genes were a putative resistance protein (Table 3), a putative protein involved in DNA replication (Table 3) and a putative zinc transporter (Table 3).

Identification of Genes Involved in the Host Response to Cryptococcal Infection
To identify which genes are involved in host response to cryptococcal infection, we searched the NCBI database for the transcription factor(s) associated with the host response to cryptococcal infection. We identified a total of four transcription factor genes from the NCBI database that were found to be significantly up-regulated in the culture medium (Table 3).


## Discussion
in vitro was previously shown to be the loss of cell-cell contact, increased intracellular metabolic rate and reduced intracellular protein levels [17. In addition, it has been reported that the parasite E. faecalis is unable to infect humans [18] and that it can develop into a true pathogen and cause disease in patients with preexisting immunodeficiency [19]. In our previous study, it was also demonstrated that Cryptococcus spp. could infect humans by producing a variety of extracellular extracellular proteins, such as B-cell specific BPS and extracellular galactomannan [19]. Furthermore, the fungal pathogens Cryptococcus neoformans and Aspergillus fumigatus are also able to infect humans and are also present in invasive infections in humans [20]. This study showed that B-cell specific BPS could be produced by Cryptococcus spp. and these extracellular proteins may be involved in their pathogenicity.

The number of B-cell specific BPS in Cryptococcus spp. was higher than that in other fungal pathogens. For example, deletion of PgATP-1, BgATP-3, BgATP-2, BgATP-3, BgATP-4, BgATP-5, and BgATP-6, resulted in significant loss of B-cell specific BPS [21]. In addition, the B-cell specific BPS was also found in the model yeast Candida albicans [21]. In this study, we showed that B-cell specific BPS could be produced by Cryptococcus spp. and these extracellular proteins may be involved in their pathogenicity.

The number of extracellular proteins in Cryptococcus spp. was higher than that in other fungal pathogens. For example, deletion of PgATP-1, BgATP-3, BgATP-4, BgATP-5, and BgATP-6 resulted in significant loss of extracellular proteins, suggesting that these extracellular proteins play a role in their pathogenicity. In addition, B-cell specific BPS was also found in the model yeast Cryptococcus neoformans [20].
