# Response of the Biocontrol Urease in Cryptococcus neoformans to Antifungal Drugs
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Candida albicans is an important fungal pathogen of humans that causes fatal infections in immunocompromised individuals. In the absence of well-characterized pathogens specific to C. albicans, it is possible that C. albicans can have certain natural products that are good candidates for development of new antifungal agents.

Candida albicans is an important fungal pathogen of humans. In the absence of well-characterized pathogens specific to C. albicans, it is possible that C. albicans can have certain natural products that are good candidates for development of new antifungal agents. In this study, we investigated the potential of a C. albicans Ypd1g strain as an antifungal drug target. Genetic deletion of the gene encoding the enzyme that converts cytochrome P450 (CYP51) norepinephrine (CYP) to UDP-galactofuranose (UFA), which is a major component of fungal UFA biosynthetic machinery, showed that the strain inhibited the growth of C.


## Introduction
neoformans BCR (CNB) (Zimmermann et a., 2009; Thomas et al., 2009; Thomas and Mitchell, 2009). This combination has the potential to reduce the number of antifungal agents in the market, but it also has the potential to have severe side effects (Villegas et al., 2016).

The encapsulation of Cryptococcus spp. has been categorized into three types (Hemophagocytic, Endogenous) (C. neoformans and C. albicans) and is characterized by the formation of cryptococcal capsule. Cryptococcal capsule is composed of three components, C. neoformans outer polysaccharide capsule, glucuronoxylomannan (GXM) and glucuronoxylomannan (GXMG). C. neoformans outer polysaccharide capsule is associated with capsule formation, cell wall remodelling, and fungal cell adhesion. In contrast to C. albicans, there are no differences in the form of the C. neoformans outer polysaccharide capsule and the C. albicans outer capsule. The presence of these two major capsule components in Cryptococcus spp. is a matter of increasing clinical interest as a potential treatment option for cryptococcosis (Piljillo-Flores and Silva, 2014).

The major form of capsule is comprised of galactose, galactosaminoglycan, and trehalose and is associated with cell wall remodelling and cell surface association (Toledo et al., 2006; Hol et al., 2016; de Nadal et al., 2019). The main polysaccharide constituents of the cryptococcal capsule are glucuronoxylomannan and glucuronoxylomannogalactan (GXMG) (Cesarves et al., 2005; Palmeira et al., 2014). Galactosaminoglycans are involved in cell wall remodelling and cell wall association (Toledo et al., 2006). GXMG glucuronic acid is present in capsule, while GXMG is involved in cell wall remodelling and cell wall association (Toledo et al., 2006). GXMG and GXMG^G glucuronic acid are considered to be the major components of the cryptococcal capsule (Cesarves et al.


## Methods
 2017. Briefly, the biofilm formation assay was performed in 96 well plates (Sarstedt, Germany) in 100 µl of sterile distilled water containing 10^4 conidia. The biofilm was quantified by measuring the absorbance at 595 nm by a spectrophotometer (Spectramax 200i UV-Vis Spectrophotometer, BioTek Instruments, Inc., Winooski, VT, USA). The biofilm content was calculated by subtracting the absorbance at 540 nm, and the percentage of biofilm inhibition was calculated as follows: (the absorbance at 540 nm of biofilm-free water/the absorbance at 540 nm of biofilm-free water) × 100.

The MIC of each antifungal drug was defined as the lowest concentration that completely inhibited the growth of the Cryptococcus. The results of the biofilm assay were confirmed by plating the drug suspension onto Sabouraud dextrose agar (SDA, Merck, Germany) at 37 °C for 24 h. The MIC of each antifungal drug was defined as the lowest concentration that completely inhibited the growth of the Cryptococcus.

Cytotoxicity
The cytotoxicity of each antifungal drug was determined by the method of Carbone and Kalyaanova (1952) by the use of microtiter 96 well microtitre plates (Nunc, USA). Briefly, the wells were treated with 100 µl of 0.01% Tween 80 in RPMI 1640 medium (Sigma-Aldrich, USA) for 1 h, and then the cells were treated with 100 µl of 0.01% Tween 80 in RPMI medium for 24 h. The supernatants were removed and the cell viability was determined by the use of the alkaline-distilled method, with a final concentration of 0.05% Tween 80 (Sigma-Aldrich, USA). The cell viability was expressed as a percentage of inhibition of the fungal growth relative to the control.

Melanin quantification
The melanin quantification assay was performed according to the method of Taylor and Yang (1959) using a modified method of Masson and Koch (1980) with modifications.


## Results
There were no significant differences in fungal burden in the lungs of mice challenged with the antifungal drugs, with the exception of compound 3 (Table 1. The lung burden of these animals was similar to that of the animals challenged with fluconazole (Table 1), however, the fungal burden in the lungs of mice challenged with fluconazole was significantly reduced by compound 3 (Fig 3). The fungal burden of mice challenged with compound 3 was significantly higher than that of the animals challenged with fluconazole (Table 1).

Anti-Bzp Mutation Positive Combinities Are the Same Across Mice
We have previously reported the antifungal drug-induced loss of virulence in C. neoformans. We next examined whether the effects of compound 3 and its combination with fluconazole are similar across the different fungi. We also performed a qPCR assay to examine the anti-bacterial properties of compound 3 and its combination with fluconazole. We observed that compound 3 was less effective against C. neoformans than fluconazole (Table 2), with the exception of compound 3 (Table 3). In contrast, the comparison of the antifungal drug with fluconazole revealed a higher relative susceptibility of C. neoformans to compound 3 than that of C. albicans (Table 2). The relative susceptibility of C. neoformans to compound 3 was higher than that of C. albicans (Table 3). In addition, a caspofungin resistance assay was performed to determine if compound 3 is capable of killing C. neoformans, as previously reported [7]. The relative susceptibility of C. neoformans to compound 3 and its combination with fluconazole was similar across the two fungi (Table 2).

Comparative Immunofluorescence and Cytochemistry of the Lung Progenitor Fluconazole-Injected into the Lungs of C. neoformans
The lung anti-bacterial activity of compound 3 was demonstrated in an anti-cryptococcal IgG antibody assay. The lung anti-bacterial activity was similar between the compounds tested (Table 4). However, the lung anti-bacterial activity of compound 3 was not as potent as that of fluconazole in this assay.


## Discussion
C. neoformans is a ubiquitous pathogen in the environment and can be detected in as little as 3-5 days from fresh soil and bird droppings. The first report of C. neoformans infection on a human was made in 1981 by Llanos and Lachance, who isolated the fungus from dead bird droppings in Italy. The infection was identified by immunohistochemistry and DNA sequencing, followed by bronchoalveolar lavage and isolation from bronchoalveolar lavage fluid of the fungus. The fungus was then cultured and isolated from air and soil samples of healthy individuals. As in C. neoformans, this fungus was able to grow in vitro in vitro in vitro at temperatures ranging from 28 to 37 °C, and was able to grow in vivo in vitro at 37 °C and 37.5 °C (Sapkota et al. 2009). Since then, it has been reported that C. neoformans can be found in bird droppings and soil contaminated with pigeon droppings and other bird droppings (Llanos et al. 2011). The C. neoformans can also be found in bird droppings, soil contaminated with pigeon droppings, and other environments (Llanos et al. 2011). The patient had a history of cough, dyspnea, cough and chest pain, which could have been caused by infection. The patient had a history of diabetes mellitus and had a history of polycystic kidney disease. The patient was healthy, well-controlled, and had a good prognosis.

The diagnosis of C. neoformans was established by culture of the fungal isolate and the cultures from the patient. C. neoformans was isolated from fecal and pigeon droppings, soil contaminated with pigeon droppings, and pigeon excreta of healthy individuals (Sapkota et al. 2009). The fungus was then isolated and isolated from air samples of the patient and were able to grow in vitro in vitro in vitro at 37 °C. The fungus was then cultured and isolated from air and soil samples of healthy individuals. The patient had a history of coughing, dyspnea, and chest pain, which could have been caused by infection. The patient had a history of diabetes mellitus and had a history of polycystic kidney disease. The patient had a history of vomiting and diarrhea, which could have been caused by infection.
