# <RNA Interference of the Sphingomyelinase by Protein Kinase A and Its Alterations in Human Pathogenic Development
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Many filamentous fungi are capable of self-renewal of genetic material in response to environmental changes. Fungal sexual reproduction has been known to occur in nature and is commonly induced by radiation, starvation or disease. In particular, fungal sexual structures have been subject of biotransformation research and to the application of diverse, environmentally friendly and evolutionary conserved strategies. In this review, we provide an overview of these sexual strategies and their evolutionary origin and recent advances in understanding their evolution and self-renewal. We discuss the co-evolution of fungal mating systems with plant and animal pathogens, with bacteria, with plants and fungi, and with archaea.


## Introduction
Fungi are ubiquitous and found in all habitats (e.g., soil, water, air) and in all environments (e.g., freshwater, marine, and aquatic environments) that induce the production of metabolites that may be beneficial to humans and animals. In fact, fungal species play important roles in human health and disease. Indeed, some fungal species are beneficial to humans through their economic and cultural benefits (e.g., Aspergillus spp. [1] and Penicillium spp. [2], [3]) and may also cause serious allergic disease. This is particularly true for the fungi from the phylum Ascomycota, which are primarily saprophytes, parasites, and pathogens that reside in the soil, water, and other natural environments.

There are more than 200,000 known species of fungi, of which roughly 200 have been described as pathogenic to humans (reviewed in [4]). The saprophytic and pathogenic genera include Fusarium, Fusarium, and Alternaria [5], [6]. Fusarium and Alternaria are two major groups of fungi that cause infections in humans, which are commonly found in the gastrointestinal tract of a broad range of mammals, including dogs, cats, horses, and rabbits [7], [8]. Fusarium species are a leading cause of human disease in immunocompromised patients [9]. In fact, the incidence of invasive fungal disease is increasing worldwide, with many deaths due to invasive fungal infections, mainly due to Candida species [7]. The causative agent of candidiasis is Candida albicans, which is an opportunistic fungal pathogen that causes deep seated and deep seated mucocutaneous and deep seated systemic infections. There are over 200 recognized species of Candida that cause candidiasis, and Candida parapsilosis is the most common cause of systemic candidiasis [10].


## Methods
The sphingomyelinase enzyme (SPE) is a highly expressed protein of the phagocyte, and it is involved in phagocytosis, differentiation of macrophages and invasion of eukaryotic cell. SpE is expressed in the sphingomyelinase, and the measurement of the sphingomyelinase activity can be obtained by measuring the sphingomyelinase activity by the measurement of the number of changes in color and/or color intensity of the sphingomyelinase at time zero. The sphingomyelinase activity in the sphingomyelinase-positive cells was determined by measuring the sphingomyelinase activity at two time points, 0 and 2, and then using an Olympus BX51 microscope with a ×60 objective. The sphingomyelinase activity was determined by the measurement of the sphingomyelinase activity at the concentration of 0.2 µg mL^-1 of sphingomyelinase.

The percentage of sphingomyelinase activity was calculated as follows:

2.3. Chemicals Used in the Propolis-Methanol-Dextrose Method
The procedure for the use of the compounds in the propolis-methanol-dextrose method was established according to the results of the procedure described by Rees-Jones and Tannenbaum [24], using appropriate compounds. The technique of Wright and Riedel [25] was used for the preparation of the extracts.

2.4. Total RNA Extraction and qPCR
Total RNA was isolated from sphingomyelinase-positive cells. Total RNA was extracted using an RNAiso-TM RNA Isolation Kit (Tiangen, China) according to the manufacturer's recommendations. The RNA integrity was checked using an Agilent 2100 Bioanalyzer (Agilent Technologies, Palo Alto, CA, USA). The RNA quality was evaluated with an RNA 6000 Nano Kit (Agilent Technologies, Palo Alto, CA, USA). The quality of the RNA samples was determined by the RNA Nano 6000 Nano 6000 (ND-1000, Agilent Technologies, Palo Alto, CA, USA). The qPCR reactions were carried out using the SYBR Green Master Mix (Bio-Rad, Hercules, CA, USA) according to the manufacturer's recommendations.


## Results
cerevisiae: . fumigatus: D. hansenii: H. capsulatum: C. neoformans: A. fumigatus) has been identified in various fungal species [20, 21]. The S. cerevisiae gene CNAG_06469 and CNAG_07161 were the first hits identified in the genome of the S. cerevisiae strain UAS1. The S. cerevisiae strain UAS1, a previously isolated yeast, is now identified as a strain of S. cerevisiae, which may indicate that the two Saccharomyces strains may have evolved a more homogeneous lifestyle than the S. cerevisiae strain. Therefore, the strain CNAG_07161 was also identified as an isolate of S. cerevisiae in the analysis of protein kinase A (PKA) gene sequences. This strain is also known as the “Saccharomyces” strain of S. cerevisiae and is considered to be a rare organism. The putative PKA gene sequences of S. cerevisiae, which were identified as the “Saccharomyces” strain of S. cerevisiae in the analysis of protein kinase A (PKA), are shown in Figure 3.

In addition, the expression of the S. cerevisiae SPK2 gene in the yeast strains JEC21 and ATCC1853 was determined. The results showed that the S. cerevisiae strain JEC21 is unable to produce sufficient amounts of SPK2, whereas the JEC21 strain produces a high amount of SPK2 in a few days when compared to the control (Figure 3). The growth of the S. cerevisiae strain JEC21 strain is relatively slow compared to the control strain (Figure 3). This is consistent with the fact that the S. cerevisiae strain JEC21 strain is an intermediate between the S. cerevisiae strain and the control strain, suggesting that the two strains may be more compatible than the S. cerevisiae strain.

Comparison of the Sphingomyelinase Activity of Sphingomyelinase from Saccharomyces cerevisiae
The S. cerevisiae strain UAS1 was identified by the expression of the S. cerevisiae SPK2 gene and was named S.


## Discussion
In this study, we present an in silico analysis of human PCM cells expressing the Sphingomyelinase A (SspA) gene that was repressed by exogenous protein during . brasiliensis infection. We found that the gene was constitutively expressed in P. brasiliensis-infected human PCM cells. The gene was downregulated during P. brasiliensis infection in PCM cells that were cultured in the presence of exogenous protein for 18 h. We also found that the expression level of the SspA gene in P. brasiliensis-infected PCM cells was not significantly changed in the presence of exogenous protein. In contrast, we observed that exogenous protein alone induced the expression of the SspA gene in P. brasiliensis-infected PCM cells. Although SspA is a protein that plays a crucial role in the DNA repair and repair process (26), the expression of SspA was not significantly altered during the infection of P. brasiliensis-infected P. brasiliensis-infected P. brasiliensis cells. In addition, we found that P. brasiliensis-infected PCM cells displayed significant differences in the expression of SspA and its mRNA in response to exogenous protein.

SspA is a gene that plays an important role in DNA repair and repair (27, 28), and it was found to be repressed by exogenous protein during P. brasiliensis infection in PCM cells (29). In the present study, we observed that the expression of SspA in PCM cells that were infected with P. brasiliensis was downregulated during infection with P. brasiliensis. P. brasiliensis-infected PCM cells that were cultured in the presence of exogenous protein for 18 h, exhibited significantly different expression of SspA and its mRNA in response to exogenous protein. We also observed that P. brasiliensis-infected PCM cells that were cultured in the presence of exogenous protein for 18 h displayed significantly different expression of SspA and its mRNA in response to exogenous protein. It is possible that P.
