# Selection of Orthologous Genes for Recognition of Sweet Vermifolium
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The filamentous fungus Trichoderma reesei is the most widely used microsporidian in the world. T. reesei is a model fungus that has been adapted for studies of cellular metabolism and pathogenesis, including aspects of protein trafficking, secondary metabolisms, and epigenetics. In this review, we describe the evolutionary history, genetics, and biology of T. reesei, and we discuss the current understanding of T. reesei proteome as it has evolved over the course of its life cycle. The current understanding of T. reesei is based on the studies of the kinomes and mitochondrial physiology, as well as the identification of genes and proteins that have been shown to play roles in protein synthesis, secondary metabolism, or stress adaptation. Aspects of these aspects of T.


## Introduction
The genus of the Pucciniomycotina, presently comprising approximately 10,000 species, comprises approximately 100 species (Romano and Grosso, 2007, 2011). Among the Pucciniomycotina, species belonging to the Pucciniomycotina and the Taphrinomycotina are the most common, occurring in tropical and subtropical regions of the world. They include the basidiomycetous, the asexual species Pucciniomyctis, the asexual species Fuscoelichtha, and the sexual species Pucciniopsis, Alliella, B. cambium, and M. villosa (O'Meara et al., 2014, 2016, 2019, 2017, 2018; Lin et al., 2017). Pucciniomycotina species are also known from tropical and subtropical regions of the world, including Australia, India, and Brazil (O'Meara et al., 2017). Pucciniomycotina species are thought to be distributed worldwide, although some species occur only in tropical and subtropical regions, such as M. villosa in Brazil, A. araiosa in South Africa, and A. griffithsiana in the United Kingdom (O'Meara et al.


## Methods
y and blast.py.eukaryotic as the search methods, and against the UNITE database using blastp.py as the query. The top hits were selected and mapped to the reference genome of the isolate. The genome of F. graminearum was selected as outgroup.

The Pfam algorithm was used to predict fungal orthologs and also the domains in the non-fungal genomes. The similarity between the fungal orthologs of F. graminearum and S. cerevisiae was tested with the Pfam algorithm with the default parameters. The number of putative fungal orthologs was calculated using the “Pfam” function of the Pfam software. The orthologs were classified into different groups using the Pfam2 database. The similarity of orthologs between the fungal orthologs of F. graminearum and S. cerevisiae was determined using the “Pfam” function of the Pfam2 software.

Phylogenetic analysis of fungal orthologs
We performed the Maximum Parsimony (MP) and Maximum likelihood (ML) analyses for each of the fungal orthologs in the four different strains of F. graminearum using the program MEGA7 [32] with default parameters. The first two and four partitions (including the domain families, aneuploidy, and amino acid substitutions) of the matrix were generated by the program PAUP* 2.0 [33]. The second partition was generated with the program PAUP* 3.0 [34]. In the first partition, the number of nodes was set to 5, and the number of positions in the matrix was set to 0. The second partition was generated with the program PAUP* 4.0, and the number of positions in the matrix was set to 1. The third partition was generated with the program PAUP* 5.0, and the number of nodes in the matrix was set to 1. The fourth partition was generated with the program PAUP* 6.0, and the number of positions in the matrix was set to 1. The data was concatenated, and the partition of the four partitions was generated.


## Results
albicans (Table 3) revealed that only ~16% (3,234/8,928) of the total genes were homologous to the reference specie. However, for the 4,918 orthologous gene sequences that were available for the five species analyzed, the results of the comparative analysis indicated that ~26% (7,835/9,928) of the genes were highly similar to the reference species. The remaining genes were homologous to the reference species but were not available for the species with less than five copies of the fungal genome. The complete set of orthologous gene sequences for sweet vermifolium is shown in Figure 3. Of the 8,232 orthologous gene sequences for the six species analyzed, 2,857 (18%) were unique to the reference species.

For the comparison of the orthologous gene sequences of all the fungal species analyzed, the set of unique genes was divided into two groups: Group I includes genes encoding enzymes involved in degradation of plant cell walls, Group II includes genes encoding enzymes involved in degradation of host cell walls, and Group III includes genes encoding enzymes involved in degradation of plant cell walls. In addition, the set of genes encoding enzymes involved in degradation of host cell walls contained genes encoding enzymes involved in degradation of host cell walls. The same was true for the orthologous genes encoding enzymes involved in degradation of host cell walls. Group I included all genes encoding enzymes involved in degradation of plant cell walls. The orthologous genes encoding enzymes involved in degradation of host cell walls contained genes encoding enzymes involved in degradation of host cell walls. Group II included all genes encoding enzymes involved in degradation of host cell walls. The set of genes encoding enzymes involved in degradation of host cell walls contained genes encoding enzymes involved in degradation of host cell wall.

Evaluation of the Orthologous Gene Sequences of the Community of Sensitive Microorganisms Using the Combined Prediction Tool of the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI)
In the present study, the results of the combined prediction tool of NCBI, the combined gene prediction tool of the NCBI database, were used to determine the orthologous gene sequences of the fungal community and to analyze the genomes of fungal species with known features.


## Discussion
The genome sequence of Sweet-Vermifolium is in the Genome Collection of the American Genealogical Concordance Association [25. The genome sequence of Sweet-Vermifolium is in the Genome Collection of the American Genealogical Concordance Association [25]. The genome sequence of Sweet-Vermifolium is in the Genome Collection of the American Genealogical Concordance Association [25]. The genome sequence of Sweet-Vermifolium is in the Genome Collection of the American Genealogical Concordance Association [25]. The genome sequence of Sweet-Vermifolium is in the Genome Collection of the American Genealogical Concordance Association [25]. The genome sequence of Sweet-Vermifolium is in the Genome Collection of the American Genealogical Concordance Association [25]. The genome sequence of Sweet-Vermifolium is in the Genome Collection of the American Genealogical Concordance Association [25]. The genome sequence of Sweet-Vermifolium is in the Genome Collection of the American Genealogical Concordance Association [25]. The genome sequence of Sweet-Vermifolium is in the Genome Collection of the American Genealogical Concordance Association [25]. The genome sequence of Sweet-Vermifolium is in the Genome Collection of the American Genealogical Concordance Association [25]. The genome sequence of Sweet-Vermifolium is in the Genome Collection of the American Genealogical Concordance Association [25]. The genome sequence of Sweet-Vermifolium is in the Genome Collection of the American Genealogical Concordance Association [25]. The genome sequence of Sweet-Vermifolium is in the Genome Collection of the American Genealogical Concordance Association [25]. The genome sequence of Sweet-Vermifolium is in the Genome Collection of the American Genealogical Concordance Association [25]. The genome sequence of Sweet-Vermifolium is in the Genome Collection of the American Genealogical Concordance Association [25]. The genome sequence of Sweet-Vermifolium is in the Genome Collection of the American Genealogical Concordance Association [25].
