# Selection of Orthologous Genes for Construction of a Multilocus Transcriptomics Community
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
We present a case of disseminated cryptococcosis in a 36-year-old woman with advanced immunodeficiency. She was diagnosed with cryptococcal meningitis and presented with a subacute history of headache, back pain, and vomiting. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the brain showed multiple herniated abscesses with extensive and well-documented diffuse leptomeningeal enhancement. She was immunocompetent. Her clinical status improved with treatment of intravenous fluconazole and antifungal therapy. She was immunodepressed at 1:30 p.m. and received isoniazid prophylaxis at first. At her 1:30 pm, she developed acute onset of headache and slowed to a stop following lumbar punctures.


## Introduction
In this study, the genomes of five TMC candidates were constructed by multi-gene sequencing and were compared to the genomes of six other candidate genes of the TMC, including one TMC gene selected by TMC and two TMC genes of the NCBI GenBank databas.

The two TMC genes, NCBI GenBank H990260 (GenBank A0145243.1; Identities = 534/568 (89 %), no gaps), and TMC2788 (GenBank A0145242.1; Identities = 534/568 (89 %), no gaps) were selected by the NCBI GenBank database based on their similarity to TMC genes of the NCBI GenBank database. The TMC candidates differ from the other candidate genomes sequenced by TMC. TMC is highly conserved among TMC genes in the genome of the NCBI candidate TMC2788. The NCBI GenBank database has 92 % identity with TMC genes. The genomes of the three TMC candidates, NCBI GenBank CFP07537 and TMC2785, were compared to the genomes of the two TMC candidates and two TMC genes, CFP07536 and CFP077, previously selected using BLAST. The three TMC genes were chosen based on their phylogenetic proximity and similarity to the two NCBI candidates. TMC genes were selected based on their higher sequence similarity to the NCBI candidates and genome size.

The NCBI GenBank database (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/) was the first to draft this genome sequence, and it was the first to utilize TMC2788, since. TMC genes are highly conserved in the genomes of all TMC genes. The TMC2788 genome sequence was obtained using the Sanger-sequencing method and was compared to the genomes of two other TMC candidates, CFP07537 and CFP077. The three TMC genes selected for the comparison included the three TMC genes, TMC1788, CFP078, and CFP079. The genomes of the three TMC candidates were compared to the genomes of the NCBI candidate TMC2788.


## Methods
Briefly, we aligned the human genome with the . rubrum CBS 1394 reference gene set using the default parameters, including the use of a Burrows-Wheeler Alignment tool, the use of a maximum likelihood algorithm, and the use of a t-distribution method. We then aligned the sequences of all the loci in the genome using the following program. For the position of the nearest-neighbor species, we used the neighbour-joining method with a matrix of pairwise distances. We also aligned the human genome sequences of the four most distant relatives using the Neighbor-Joining method. We used a maximum likelihood method to estimate the likelihood of the best-fit model of nucleotide substitution. The best-fit model of nucleotide substitution was chosen for each locus and the best-fit substitution rates were chosen by MEGA 7.0. The sequence alignments were then imported into Geneious 7.1.7 (Kearse et al. 2012).

Phylogenetic analysis
We constructed a gene-search-based BLASTn search in order to identify orthologs in the two strains. We used the maximum likelihood method to estimate the maximum likelihood likelihood for the gene-search-based BLASTn. The search program used was BWA-MEM (Bouckaert et al. 2009) with a general time reversible algorithm, and the algorithm parameters were as follows: the parameters of the BLAST search were the maximum number of hits allowed, the standard deviation of split frequencies, and the first 35 amino acid residues of each domain. The genes were predicted using GenePilot (Kearse et al. 2012). The gene families were identified using the orthoMCL (Bouckaert et al. 2009) and the program “Qiagen” (http://qiagen.com). We used a BLASTn search to identify orthologs in the two strains. We used the maximum likelihood method to estimate the maximum likelihood for the gene-search-based BLASTn. The program was used with default parameters to identify orthologs in the two strains. The two genomes were analyzed with the program Geneious 7.1.7 (Kearse et al. 2012).

To identify the protein sequences of the two strains, we used the eukaryotic sequences of the two strains.


## Results
Of these, 1,593,619 (1,154,267) ORFs were classified into 452,359 gene familie. The total number of ORFs per gene family is 1,017,606. The complete list of ORFs is presented in Table 2. Genomic analysis of the gene families revealed that 14 of these ORFs were also present in both the reference genome (7.6%) and in other published comparative genomic datasets. The remaining 2,724 ORFs were identified by direct comparison with the reference genome. The ORFs present in the reference genome were distributed among 37 families and were thus predicted as unisequences.

An analysis of the gene families of the 3,352 ORFs was performed using the Gene Ontology (GO) term analysis tool (Table 3). A total of 713,899 gene families were found with at least one of the available reference genome. The GO term analysis of the 6,843 genes showed that only 11 of these families were present in both the reference genome and the published comparative genomic datasets. Thus, a total of 1,303,823 ORFs were identified in the reference genome. The numbers of gene families in both the reference and the published genomes are comparable.

The GO term analysis of the ORFs involved in DNA repair or modification, as well as the protein and amino acid biosynthetic pathways, showed that 752,906 (7.1%) and 1,732,589 (1.4%) gene families were present in both the reference and the published genomes, respectively. The gene families were enriched for the following GO terms: molecular functions (GO:0008326) and cellular processes (GO:0007443). A total of 1,917,794 (1.5%) and 1,918,983 (1.5%) genes were identified as being involved in DNA repair or modification, respectively. A total of 1,848,924 (1.9%) and 1,836,836 (1.3%) genes were found as being involved in the cell division process and translation, respectively.

The total number of genes (GO:0008272) was lower in the reference genome.


## Discussion
The first cluster contained only one mitochondrial gene per cluster and three unigenes per cluster; the second cluster contained three unigenes per cluster, and three genes per cluste. In all three cases, the cluster had a higher gene content. The first cluster contained approximately 1.2% of the transcripts (s.d.) while the second cluster contained approximately 2.5% of the transcripts (s.d.). The gene content of the dikaryotic phase was the lowest, with only one unigenes per cluster. The dikaryotic phase contained about 8% of the transcripts, but only 4% of them had at least one unigenes. The dikaryotic phase contained around 1.8% of the transcripts, but only 2% had a gene. The mitochondrial phase contained around 0.5% of transcripts and 2% had one unigen. The dikaryotic phase contained about 0.3% of transcripts, but only 5% had one unigen. The mitochondrial phase contained about 0.3% of transcripts and 0.4% had one unigen. The mitochondrial phase contained approximately 0.6% of transcripts and 0.7% had one unigen. The dikaryotic phase contained approximately 0.2% of transcripts and 0.6% had one unigen. The nuclear phase contained approximately 0.5% of transcripts and 0.6% had one unigen. The nuclear phase contained about 0.3% of transcripts and 0.5% had one unigen.

Genes with a maximum number of unigenes were selected for phylogenetic analysis using Blast2GO. The results showed that all these genes had a higher probability of occurrence in the dikaryotic phase (Figure 2). This is consistent with previous reports in which the dikaryotic phase contained genes with a higher probability of occurrence in the mitochondrial phase [26]. The genes with the highest probability of occurrence in the dikaryotic phase were shown to be those with the highest number of genes, with the highest average number of genes.

Gene expression is very fast. The gene expression data is very useful for the identification of new genes. We chose to use gene expression data for the construction of a multilocus transcriptomics community.
