# Selection of Orthologous Genes for Transcriptomics in Aspergillus fumigatus
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The human opportunistic pathogenic fungus Aspergillus fumigatus is a well-known regulator of fungal growth and virulence, as well as a well-recognized opportunistic pathogen of immunocompromised patients. Moreover, it is a major cause of morbidity and mortality among patients with AIDS. Furthermore, the A. fumigatus genome encodes many genes that are involved in multiple cellular processes that contribute to antifungal resistance, virulence and the ability to treat infections. In this review, we provide an overview of A. fumigatus' genomic evolution and our current understanding of how these genes are regulated. We discuss the current limited understanding of how fungal regulators of cellular processes influence the host immune response and the ability of A. fumigatus to modulate these processes.


## Introduction
Histoplasmosis is a neglected disease that can cause significant morbidity and mortality in immunocompromised patients, including AIDS patients, transplant patients, and organ transplant patients [1,2,3,4,5].


## Methods
The sequences of the annotated genes were deposited in GenBan. The GenBank database (www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov) was searched using the BLAST algorithm and the gene sequences with the highest identity were selected for further analysis.

Phylogenetic analysis
We identified the orthologs of the S. cerevisiae orthologs in the Aspergillus niger and Aspergillus flavus orthologs using a BLAST algorithm with E-values greater than 1e-10. The phylogenetic trees were reconstructed by the neighbour-joining method and the maximum likelihood method. The evolutionary model was selected using the software MEGA 5.0 (Tamura et al., 2013). The phylogenetic trees were visualized using the program FigTree (http://tree.bio.ed.ac.uk/software/figtree/).

The phylogenetic trees were generated by the neighbor-joining method with the bootstrap method with a consensus tree length of 500 bootstrap replicates. The analyses were conducted with the software MEGA version 5.0 (http://tree.bio.ed.ac.uk/software/mindex.html). The topology of the tree was estimated using the tree-bisection-reconnection method with a bootstrap value of 1 000 replicates.

The phylogenetic trees were visualized using the program Tree-BN (http://tree.bio.ed.ac.uk/software/tree-BN/).

Construction of the gene deletion plasmids
The plasmid pBS-RFP was constructed using the NotI-digested pBS-RFP cassette in a yeast-genome recombination-mediated transformation (GenBank accession number: AB00904.1.1). The plasmid pBS-RFP was digested with the same enzymes and transformed into protoplasts of the S.


## Results
Among them, 612 were unique to Aspergillus sp. and 533 were unique to Aspergillus spp. orthologs obtained from the GenBank. The gene number of orthologous genes from Aspergillus spp. was significantly higher than that of Aspergillus spp. (Table 1).

Although many of the unique genes are present in the Aspergillus genome, there are significant numbers of genes in the Aspergillus genome that are shared between Aspergillus spp. and Aspergillus spp. (Table S2). These include the orthologs of the family of glycoside hydrolases, which are enzymes involved in the degradation of glycerol and glycerol, as well as the glycosyl hydrolases involved in glycerol biosynthesis, such as the glycosyl-transferases, which are involved in glycerol biosynthesis. The glycosyl hydrolases of Aspergillus spp.


## Discussion
We also identified genes that are transcriptionally regulated by . capsulatum at the transcriptional level. These genes include genes that are directly induced by H. capsulatum, and genes that are regulated by H. capsulatum at the transcriptional level. We also identified genes that are downregulated in H. capsulatum, but are upregulated in H. capsulatum with the addition of H. capsulatum glucuronoxylomannan (GXM) [32]. These findings suggest that H. capsulatum might be a plant-pathogen that uses H. capsulatum as a food source. To further characterize the role of these genes in H. capsulatum growth, we constructed a second set of orthologous genes in H. capsulatum that were previously found to be regulated by H. capsulatum [17], [29], [33]. These genes were first upregulated in H. capsulatum with the addition of GXM, and then downregulated with H. capsulatum glucuronoxylomannan. The second upregulated gene was downregulated with H. capsulatum glucuronoxylomannan, and was subsequently upregulated in H. capsulatum with the addition of GXM. We then further identified genes that were upregulated with H. capsulatum and then downregulated with H. capsulatum glucuronoxylomannan. This analysis revealed that H. capsulatum genes are downregulated with GXM, and those genes are upregulated with H. capsulatum glucuronoxylomannan.

Genes regulated by H. capsulatum at the transcriptional level
We found genes that were specifically regulated by H. capsulatum at the transcriptome level. We also identified genes that are transcriptionally regulated by H. capsulatum at the transcriptional level. We also found genes that are downregulated with H. capsulatum glucuronoxylomannan, and were subsequently upregulated with H. capsulatum glucuronoxylomannan. These results indicate that H. capsulatum genes are regulated by H. capsulatum at the transcriptional level.

Genes regulated by H.
