# Silencing induces transcriptomeomical changes in S.
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The fungal diversity of pigeon nests was investigated using different methods including culture-dependent methods and by compartmentalization into 30 nests. The results indicated that the number of unique species was significantly increased in the culture-dependent method and that the largest number of unique species was the result of hybridisation between the two methods. Based on the results, 13 species were identified. In the culture-dependent method the number of species was significantly increased and the diversity of the fungal genera was significantly increased compared to the other methods. In the compartmentalization step the concentration of the isolates was evaluated by counting the viable cells and using a sequentially-fixed block to inoculate pigeon nests. Thirty-three of the 32 isolates obtained from the 30 nests were newly identified. The sequence analysis revealed that these sequences are typical for the genus Cladosporium and suggest the clades of fungi that belong to the order Cladosporiaceae. According to the analyses of their in silico results, these fungi are not cladospori-specific, but appear to be molds of unknown origin.


## Introduction
Introns are short sequences of eight or nine amino acids that play a critical role in eukaryotic genome assembly. In eukaryotic cells, intron gain and loss are highly regulated and have important consequences on gene expression and development (reviewed in ref. [1], [2]). In contrast to eukaryotic lineages, most eukaryotic introns are uniparentally transcribed, and the transcriptional reprogramming that occurs within these introns is not known. The mechanisms by which introns gain and lose introns remain largely poorly understood.

One approach to unraveling the mechanisms of introns in eukaryotic genomes is to study the mechanism of noncoding RNA (ncRNA) genes. In eukaryotic genomes, ncRNAs are small noncoding RNA proteins that are thought to be involved in the RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RDPS). NcRNAs are involved in a variety of processes, including mRNA export, exon splicing, protein-protein interaction, and genome maintenance (reviewed in refs [3-7]). Many ncRNAs are well conserved and have multiple functions. For example, ncRNA genes are involved in assembly of long-chain nongen sequences, mRNA degradation, protein export, and regulation of gene expression [3], [4].


## Methods
For this reason, . cerevisiae strains were subjected to standard RT-PCR and sequencing techniques. First strand DNA was purified using QIAquick PCR purification kit (Qiagen, Hilden, Germany). The primers used for PCR were: LR0R-F (5'-CCAGTTCTCCTACGCTCAG-3') and LR5 (5'-TCCGTAGGTGAACTCC-3'). The primers used for sequencing are listed in Table S1.

Microarray analysis
The RNA-Seq data were processed using the TRIzol® RNA-Seq Kit (Invitrogen, Carlsbad, CA, USA) according to the manufacturer’s instructions. First strand cDNA was synthesized with random hexamer primers using random hexamer template. The cDNA was synthesized using random hexamer template with random primer. The gene expression level was determined using the 2^-<U+0394><U+0394>CT method. All PCR reactions were performed in a 1.5 ml reaction mixture containing 3 µl of 10 × PCR buffer (Thermo Scientific, UK), 1 µl of each primer, and 1 µl of RNA. The amplicons were purified by using the QIAquick PCR Purification Kit (Qiagen, Hilden, Germany). The gapped reads were aligned to the reference genome using BLAST (version 2.1.23) algorithm [28]. Sequence alignment was performed using SeqMan v. 8.0.2 (DNAStar, Madison, WI, USA) and the reference genome was retrieved from NCBI (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/).

The paired-end reads were aligned to the reference genome using TopHat v. 1.0.8 [29]. In order to identify the most important genes, we used default parameters (S. cerevisiae) and used the following databases: Gene Ontology (GO) [30], Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) [31], and GenBank (https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/genbank/) [32]. We used the best-fit model of evolution, GTR+G and E-values <U+2192>2, with a convergence threshold of 1e-30 and a gap opening time of 0.5.


## Results
cerevisiae, we generated a transgenic strain of . cerevisiae, which is resistant to cell wall stressors, including NaCl or salt stressors (Liu et al., 2014). The strain was also generated by genetic engineering to repress expression of S. cerevisiae transcriptome-specific transgenes (Figure 1A). This engineered strain was then used to characterize the transcriptome of S. cerevisiae in a transgenic C. albicans background. In the transgenic background, only two transgenes were differentially expressed, and the expression of both transgenes was not changed in the transgenic background (Figure 1B). A transgenic strain of S. cerevisiae was used to ensure that the expression of both transgenes was not affected by the addition of sodium salt to the culture medium. In the transgenic background, both transgenes were differentially expressed. As shown in Figure 1C, sodium salt exposure induced a shift in expression of both transgenes. This shift in transgenes was not observed in the transgenic background. This observation suggests that transgenes are involved in the regulation of S. cerevisiae to cope with stress conditions.

In S. cerevisiae, the secretion of enzymes involved in glycolysis is regulated by the secretion of glyoxylate (Gly) and gluconeogenesis (Giglio and Pelletier, 2000). Therefore, we analyzed the expression of G protein (Gly) and GTPase (GTPase) enzymes in the transgenic strain. The expression of GTPase was increased in the transgenic strain, and increased in the transgenic strain after sodium salt treatment, which was not observed in the transgenic background. The transgenic strain showed no evidence of GTPase-mediated regulation of transgenes after sodium salt treatment (Figure 1D). This result suggests that the transgenes that are involved in glycolysis are not regulated by the secretion of glyoxylate, gluconeogenesis, or GTPase.

Glyoxylate and GTPase expression was increased in the transgenic strain after sodium salt treatment
To further analyze the transgenes in the transgenic strain, we analyzed the expression of GTPase and glyoxylate synthase genes. GTPase and glyoxylate synthase are expressed in S.


## Discussion
In . albicans, expression of the meiA gene is downregulated by overexpression of the genes miR-210 and meiA [38]. In addition, spermidine is highly induced in the cells growing on biomass [39]. In S. cerevisiae, meiA plays an important role in promoting expression of the transcription factor Rim101 [40]. The spermidine pathway is one of the most important regulatory mechanisms for development, and also plays an important role in the induction of gene expression [41].

Spermidine is also a potent inhibitor of oxidative stress, and is considered as a potential drug target for cancer therapy [42]. Furthermore, it is a potent inhibitor of melanin production in C. neoformans, and an inhibitor of virulence in C. albicans [43]. We did not observe any clear-cut effect of spermidine on C. albicans melanin production in response to stress conditions, even though the strain treated with high concentrations of spermidine showed a dramatic decrease in melanin production. This result suggests that the spermidine action on melanin may be a response to environmental stress conditions.

Previous studies showed that spermidine can activate a number of transcription factors, including SreA and ZNF1 [44]. The MAPK pathway plays an important role in fungal development, including morphogenesis and virulence [45]. ZNF1 has also been found to be involved in the virulence of C. albicans [46]. In addition, there are several in vitro studies that have shown that SreA and ZNF1 are involved in the stress-induced expression of genes involved in stress response, such as MAPK, calcium signaling, and melanin synthesis [47]. However, in our study, we did not observe SreA and ZNF1 activation in response to high concentrations of spermidine. In addition, we did not find any SreA-regulated genes in response to spermidine. However, the results of SreA-ZNF1 pathway inhibition in response to high concentrations of spermidine are not consistent with the results of other studies in which the SreA protein was shown to be downregulated in response to spermidine [48].
