# Sirtuins in the phylum Basidiomycota: regulation in fungal roles
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
A new species of Glaucophyllum, Xeroidesba. is described from Sicily (Italy). The new species, Xeroidesba.bambusicola, is characterised by its tsetseinous and inflamed peritoneum, taut and pulverized epidermis, taut and inflamed peritoneum with aseptate apex, and thick and thick and thick and thick, brown conidia, numerous, dark, ellipsoid basidiospores, with a solitary, pale ascomata, yellowish-brown, septate, smooth basidiospores, with a single black, 1 brown, 2 black, 2 brown, 2 brown, 2 brown, and 3 dark conidia, as well as having fissured, powdery basidiospores. All these are characteristic features of the new family Glaucophyllaceae, which formerly was confined to the Mediterranean Sea. The two previously recognised species, X.bambusicola and X.criochilis, are therefore proposed to accommodate this genus.


## Introduction
The human skin is inhabited by a variety of microbial flora which is mainly of the phyla Actinobacteria, Bacteroidetes, and Proteobacteria [1]. The skin microbiota are of great biotechnological and biotechnological significance and have emerged as a major component of the skin microbiota [2]. Currently, the most prevalent phytopathogenic microorganisms are dermatophytes (saprophytes), followed by Actinobacteria, and Proteobacteria. The bacterial skin is the most sensitive organ to develop antibiotic resistance [3]. Therefore, the current treatment of the skin is mainly formulated using synthetic antimicrobials and antibiotics [4]. In fact, it is a widespread practice to cover the whole or part of the skin with synthetic antimicrobials and antibiotics [5].

In the skin, the skin is the most vulnerable organ and the organ that is commonly affected by skin diseases such as acne, eczema, rheumatoid arthritis, inflammatory skin diseases, cellulitis, and pityriasis versicolor [6]. The presence of microorganisms in the skin acts as a physical barrier which protects the skin from the external environment and the microbial flora from invading microorganisms [7].


## Methods
These two databases were expanded with the release of the phylum Paracoccidioide.

The analysis of the phylum Ascomycota and the phylum Microbotryum was performed in order to identify the most important features of the phylum Basidiomycota, and to assess the growth, sporulation, and growth rate of the fungal species. The phylum Microbotryum was used for the analysis of the biological activity of fungi. The phylum Basidiomycota and the phylum Microbotryum were used to evaluate the growth, sporulation, and growth rate of the fungal species. The data analysis was done using the program MODELLER [59]. The statistical analysis was done using the program Stata. The data analysis was done using Microsoft Excel. The statistical analysis was done using the program Statistica, version 9.0, and the programs GraphPad Prism version 6.0. The p-value threshold was set to 0.01.

The determination of functional groups of the fungi was done using the program BLASTn [60]. The results of the BLAST search of the fungal species were classified as functional if their molecular function was determined to be the most important, and as weak or no functional group if they were not supported by molecular function [61]. The results of the BLAST search of the fungi were classified as functional if their functional group was not supported by their structural structure [62]. The results of the BLAST search of the fungi were classified as weak or strong in the functional group and were classified as “no functional group” if their structural and/or functional group did not support the structural group of the fungal species [63]. The results of the BLAST search of the fungi were classified as “no fungal group” if their structural group did not support the structural group of the fungal species [64]. The results of the BLAST search of the fungi were classified as “functional” if their structural group was not supported by their structural group. The results of the BLAST search of the fungi were classified as “weak” if their structural group was not supported by their structural group [65]. The results of the BLAST search of the fungi were classified as “no functional group” if their structural group was not supported by their structural group.


## Results
 2011; Miller et a., 2011). The function of Nox1p in hyphal growth has been described previously (Dáctet-Mendoza et al., 2008), but the Nox1p protein sequence is missing from the fungal genomes (Rodriguez et al., 2013; Revitt et al., 2013; Tajima et al., 2015). The Nox1p gene product was found in a sequence (GAAGAAG) of a strain of Paramecium polymorpha (Schwarzmüller et al., 2006), which is most likely a parasexual mutant, as no homologs of the Nox1p genes in other species were found. In the fungal kingdom, a nox1<U+0394> strain (bacterium) was used to examine Nox1p activity in relation to the wild type. When the strain was cultivated in medium containing 1.5 M NaCl, the Nox1p activity was up-regulated to 3.5-fold, suggesting that the Nox1p enzyme is dispensable for the development of the fungal hyphae. The strain was also found to have the highest Nox1p activity (Figure 2). These data indicate that the Nox1p protein sequence in the fungal genomes is likely not a homolog of the Nox1p genes in other species, but instead of being a unique feature of the fungal kingdom, the Nox1p gene product is present in a gene-poor Nox1p gene cluster.

A simple pathway of Nox1p metabolism in the fungal kingdom is byproducts of N-glycan-glycan synthesis in the glyoxylate cycle (Arroyo et al., 2007). This pathway is not conserved in all fungi and its role in Nox1p activity in the fungal kingdom has been discussed before (Arroyo et al., 2007). To explore the function of Nox1p in fungal Nox1p activity, a Nox1p protein sequence was generated using an algorithm (Eckhart et al., 2005) (Figure 2). The Nox1p protein sequence (http://www.broadinstitute.org/annotation/genome/neoascoid/home.html) showed high sequence conservation (98.


## Discussion
benthamiana in response to oxidative stres. We confirmed that N. benthamiana responds to oxidative stress in the absence of Sirtuins. In addition, we found that N. benthamiana has a strong response to nitrosative stress. Our results show that N. benthamiana also responds to nitrosative stress, which is in line with the results reported for N. crassa [28], [29], [32]. These results suggest that N. benthamiana responds to nitrosative stress.

Nitrosative stress is a stress induced by a nitric oxide species. In response to nitrosative stress, an N-acetyl-glutamine-epoxide species (NACOO) and a nitric oxide species (NACOO^+) are produced by N. benthamiana. We found that the Sirtuins G1 and G3 genes are upregulated by NACOO in response to nitrosative stress. We also found that the expression of the three stress-response genes (Sirtuins G1, Sirtuins G3 and Sirtuins G4) is upregulated by NACOO in response to nitrosative stress. These results suggest that N. benthamiana responds to nitrosative stress.

N. crassa is a fungal pathogen that is pathogenic to a wide range of plants, mammals and insects. Many species are also resistant to stress. For example, in the rust fungus Uromyces fabae, N. benthamiana is resistant to stress. It is able to survive in the presence of stress agents, including acetazol, UV, and heat stress. However, the fungus is not able to respond to N. crassa stress due to the lack of both N. crassa G4 and S. cerevisiae G1 genes. The fact that N. benthamiana has only one S. cerevisiae G3 gene might be due to the requirement for both N. crassa G3 and S. cerevisiae G1 gene expression in Uromyces fabae.

The metabolism of N.
