# Specific impacts of lacking access to immunocompetent workers on dodo mice for fungal intrusions
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Heterobasidion parviporum is the main causative agent of fatal symptomatic yeast infections in hmm-poor environments. In the present study, we found that the RNAi-mediated regulatory element binding protein (RavA) of R. parviporum was upregulated in response to H. pterosordinobius RHU-A1 in a phytopathogenic fungus. We also found that the genes that were affected were differentially regulated in R. parviporum after it was grown in vitro or in vivo for 72 h. These differentially regulate the R. parviporum R. pastoris-DNA (R. pastoris CRZVZ) transporter gene, the DNA-binding protein and the small secretory gene, which are associated with virulence in hmm-poor environments. RNAi partially restored the ability of R. parviporum to colonize yeast-laying yeast cells. Importantly, we also found that the presence of RNAi reduced the virulence of R. parviporum in vivo. Our findings suggest that the interactions between R. pastoris and H. pterosordinobius RHU-A1 may contribute to the virulence of this fungus and may account for the virulence reduction observed in the absence of H. pterosordinobius RHU-A1.

In vitro and in vivo studies are important to understand the role of the immune system in the development of hmm-poor environments.


## Introduction
Invasive fungal infections (IFIs) are a global problem. The risk of developing IFI increases dramatically after the first episode, when Candida albicans appears in more than 70% of cases (1). In the United States, candidiasis is responsible for approximately one-third of all IFIs and its incidence continues to climb (2). The incidence of IFIs increases with the longer duration of hospitalization and the use of broad-spectrum antibiotics (3). The incidence of fungal infections in general increases significantly after the death of a patient (4), while those that affect the lungs (including those caused by systemic infection) continue to decline.

Infections caused by the opportunistic pathogenic yeast Candida albicans are life-threatening and cause approximately 1-10% of all IFIs (5). Serious infections (sick and hospitalized) and serious complications (in a significant proportion of patients requiring intensive care unit treatment) may result from colonization by Candida albicans, which is also known as candidemia, which is caused by an increased resistance to common antifungal agents (6). This infection is caused by two distinct species: C. albicans and C. glabrata. C. albicans is commonly isolated in humans and causes superficial mucosal infections, such as oral thrush, vulvovaginal candidiasis, and oral thrush, which are more common in immunocompromised patients (7). C. glabrata is the most common cause of oral candidiasis, occurring in between 10% and 30% of immunocompromised patients (8). The incidence of candidemia in the United States is estimated at 0.5%-1.6% annually, and the incidence in hospitalized patients ranges from 0.1%-3.6% (9). Candida glabrata is most frequently isolated in patients suffering from HIV infection. It has a worldwide distribution and is associated with a high mortality rate (10). Infection is usually caused by the inhalation of yeast cells or spores. The yeast cells are either killed or escape from the phagocytes and disseminate to other organs and tissues (11, 12). The yeast cells adhere to epithelial cells and are internalized (11).


## Methods
P. brasiliensis was isolated from the fresh leaves of rice plants (S. brasiliensis) in the region of Anhui province of South China, and maintained on potato dextrose agar (PDA) plates at 4°C.

Fungal strains and growth conditions
A. brasiliensis strain CEA10 was used as the wild-type strain for the current study. A. brasiliensis mutant CEA17 was used as the <U+2206>cbrA mutant for comparison. The <U+2206>cbrA and <U+2206>cbrA <U+2206>cbrA <U+2206>cbrA cDNA libraries were constructed by the use of a two-step PCR protocol [17]. The primers used in this study are listed in Table S1. The sequence of the cbrA gene was amplified by PCR with the primers listed in Table S2. The PCR products were cloned into the pBluescript SK+ vector (Invitrogen, Carlsbad, CA, USA) and sequenced. The sequence of the cbrA gene was then cloned into the pBluescript SK+ vector (Invitrogen, Carlsbad, CA, USA) and sequenced.

Preparation of the cbrA-blunt cDNA libraries
For the screening of the screening of the cbrA-blunt cDNA libraries, the following protocol was followed. The cbrA-blunt cDNA libraries were prepared as described by the manufacturer (Roche, Mannheim, Germany). The preparation of the cbrA-blunt cDNA libraries was performed by the NucleoSpin BioSciences (NucleoSpin, Shanghai, China) and the libraries were amplified using the primers listed in Table S3. The cbrA-blunt cDNA library was diluted to an A_260/A_280 ratio of 3.5 and then diluted to an A_260/A_280 ratio of 0.1. The libraries were prepared by the addition of 0.1 µl of 1 × PhosphoSafe (Pierce, Rockford, IL, USA), 0.5 µl of 0.


## Results
cerevisiae . dermatitidis strain by direct inoculation. Although we did not detect fungal intracellular growth in WT mice, we did detect a slight growth advantage of the mutant for each experiment, with a slight growth advantage for a mutant in combination with a WT strain for the subsequent experiments. Thus, we measured brain intratoxicity in both WT and mutant mice infected with the O. dermatitidis strain. The O. dermatitidis strain was recovered from the brain in all WT mice, but the O. dermatitidis mutant was recovered from all mice infected with the O. dermatitidis strain. All mice infected with the WT and mutant strains died within 2 days of infection (Figure 2A). In contrast, the brains of mice infected with the O. dermatitidis strain showed a significant brain intratoxicity after 4 days of infection, and the brain intratoxicity was dramatically increased in the brains of mice infected with the WT and mutant strains. These results suggest that lack of immunocompetent workers is responsible for the differential brain intratoxicity of the O. dermatitidis strain.

Roles of CnCtr2 in the CNS Transcranial Infusion System
In order to identify possible roles of CnCtr2 in the CNS, we tested the effect of the presence of the WT and mutant CnCtr2 on the CNS permeability. We first examined the brain permeability of WT mice in the absence of the ocular administration of ochraceic drugs, which do not inhibit the ochraceous cathelicidin or the caspofungin pathway. After 24 h of the ochraceic drug administration, the CSF was analyzed by flow cytometry. The intracellular CSF contents of the WT and mutant strains were comparable in the presence or absence of ochraceic drugs (Figure 3A). However, the intracellular CSF contents of the O. dermatitidis strain were reduced after 24 h of the ochraceic drug treatment, with the intracellular CSF contents of the O. dermatitidis strain in the presence of the ochraceic drug, compared to that in the absence of the ochraceic drug (Figure 3B).


## Discussion
neoformans can cause severe infections in humans (4, 9. In this study, we first compared the ability of mice to induce immunological responses with C. neoformans-induced Cek1 expression in human macrophages. We then found that both human and Cek1-deficient mice were significantly more susceptible to Cek1-induced Cek1-mediated Cek1-mediated immune responses than the wild-type Cek1-dependent mice (Fig 6A and 6B). We hypothesized that the increased ability of Cek1-deficient mice to induce Cek1-induced Cek1-mediated immune responses could be due to the inability of these mice to mount Cek1-induced Cek1-mediated immune responses. In contrast, the inability of wild-type Cek1-dependent mice to mount Cek1-mediated Cek1-mediated immune responses was similar to the Cek1-deficient mice (Fig 6C). The latter finding was not surprising given that Cek1 was expressed in both human and Cek1-dependent macrophages (Fig 6B). Interestingly, although Cek1 expression was increased by Cek1 deficiency in wild-type mice, we observed no difference in Cek1 expression between the wild-type and Cek1-deficient mice (Fig 6B). These results suggest that the ability of Cek1 to induce Cek1-mediated immune responses may be due to the inability of Cek1-deficient mice to mount Cek1-mediated immune responses.

The ability of Cek1 to induce Cek1-mediated immune responses in vitro was also determined in vitro. In vitro, Cek1-deficient mice were more susceptible to Cek1-induced immune responses compared to wild-type mice (Fig 6A). Moreover, Cek1 was significantly increased in both wild-type and Cek1-deficient mice (Fig 6B), which indicated that Cek1 expression in macrophages could be associated with the ability of Cek1-deficient mice to mount Cek1-mediated immune responses. In addition, we found that Cek1 expression was significantly increased in the lungs of Cek1-deficient mice (Fig 6B). These results suggested that Cek1 expression was associated with the ability of Cek1-deficient mice to mount Cek1-mediated immune responses.
