# Structural analysis of fermenters with potential bacterial isolates from Brazilian peanuts
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Candida species are a major cause of gastrointestinal infections in immunocompromised patients such as HIV-infected patients. The aim of this study was to identify novel compounds with antifungal activity and antifungal mechanism of action. Ten marine Candida species including Candida glabrata, Candida utilis, Candida parapsilosis, Candida tropicalis, Candida guilliermondii, and Candida kefyr were studied for the antifungal activity, antifungal mechanism of action, and antifungal mechanism of action against six azole antifungal drugs. Seven marine compounds were identified that showed different synergistic antifungal effects and antifungal mechanism of action. These compounds showed different pharmacokinetic effects affecting between 2000 and 2000 Mg and Mg concentrations respectively. The results from these studies suggest that clinically important Candida species are influenced by a variety of antifungal drugs and they may play a role in the azole-resistant azole resistant fungal infections.


## Introduction
Cryptococcus neoformans is an opportunistic fungal pathogen that causes fatal pneumonia in immunocompromised patients. The organism can be found in soil, pigeon droppings, pigeon excreta, plants, and even human skin [1-3]. Because of the global environmental reservoirs of the fungus and its ability to grow at body temperatures, its global distribution has been known to be restricted [4]. The ability to change its morphology and virulence has been attributed to the host immune response, which also dictates its development into an animal-adapted pathogen [5].

The ability of C. neoformans to form biofilms is one of its most prevalent virulence attributes [6]. Biofilms are structured communities of microorganisms embedded in extracellular polymeric substance (EPS) within a matrix [7]. C. neoformans biofilms form in extracellular vesicles (EVs) [8-11] and in biofilms on implanted medical devices [12,13]. Biofilms can be classified into two types: adhesive and resistances [14]. In the adhesive form, cells are composed of extracellular matrix (ECM) and cell membrane, which together release peptidoglycan (PDS) [15]. The resistance form of the fungus, the resistances form comprise of specific types of polysaccharides, such as chitin, glucans, and laminin, which are used for adhesion to implanted medical devices [16-18].


## Methods
This region includes the areas of the Cariutere River and the higher Cariutere River (Table 1. The commercial organic matter (BOM) collection was taken from the regional capital, Maracán, Brazil. It includes the area of the Four Tidal River Basin (Table 1) and the area of the Paraiba River Basin (Table 1).

Culture collection
In order to collect the microbial diversity of the sample, the composition and composition of the organic layer were analyzed using an internal transcribed spacer (ITS) region (rDNA, 28S, LSU) and an ITS-1 region (ITS-1) of the ribosomal RNA gene (rRNA). The ITS-1 region was amplified with the PCR product of ITS-1 and the DNA sequence was performed using the universal ITS primers ITS-1 and ITS-1 [35]. The PCR reactions were carried out in a thermal cycler (Applied Biosystems, Foster City, California, USA) and consisted of an initial denaturation at 94°C for 5 min, followed by 35 cycles of denaturation at 94°C for 30 s, annealing at 60°C for 30 s and extension at 72°C for 30 s, and a final extension at 72°C for 10 min. The thermocycling profile was as follows: 95°C for 30 s, followed by 60°C for 30 s, and 72°C for 30 s, and a final extension at 72°C for 10 min. The PCR product was purified using the Wizard SV Gel and PCR Clean-up System (Promega, Madison, WI, USA). The purified PCR product was then sent to Eurofins MWG Operon (Ebersberg, Germany) for sequencing.

DNA extraction, PCR, and sequencing
Genomic DNA was extracted from the soil samples using a modified CTAB method as described by Bamatty et al. [36]. The fungal genomic DNA was extracted using a modified CTAB method as described by Lesquita et al. [37]. The total DNA was extracted with a modified CTAB method as described by Chen et al. [38]. The fungal genomic DNA was then purified using a modified CTAB method as described by Chen et al.


## Results
A significant difference was observed in the relative abundances of Ascomycota, Basidiomycota, Chytridiomycota, Glomeromycota, Glomeromycota, Basidiomycota, and Glomeromycota (p < .05) between samples from the three peanut groups. However, the relative abundances of Basidiomycota and Basidiomycota were significantly higher in the two peanut groups (p < 0.05) than in the peanut group (Fig 1A). These data suggest that the fungal community composition in peanut samples was different than in other peanut-related samples.

Preliminary sampling of peanut samples from the three peanut groups revealed different microbial communities in the peanut seeds. A total of 58 isolates were identified as the two most prevalent microbial genera, with the lowest abundances observed in samples from the peanut group (Table 3). The most prevalent genera were Saccharomyces, Candida, Penicillum, and Cryptococcus, with the relative abundance of Saccharomyces cerevisiae being 2.2% and 2.2%, respectively. Both Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Candida albicans were dominant genera in peanut seeds, with the relative abundances of Candida albicans and Penicillum gloeosporioides being 0.7%, 0.3%, and 0.5%, respectively. The relative abundances of Penicillum gloeosporioides were 0.6% and 0.5%, respectively.

A total of 34 isolates from peanut seeds from both the peanut and peanut-associated peanut groups were identified as the two most prevalent bacterial genera. The most prevalent bacterial genera were Pseudomonas, Staphylococcus, and Propionibacterium (Table 4). Pseudomonas is an opportunistic fungal pathogen associated with the skin, eyes, and sinuses in many tropical countries and is a common cause of morbidity and mortality in patients. It is one of the most common pathogens in the blood and organs of many immunocompromised patients. The relative abundances of Pseudomonas spp. were 1.1%, 1.9%, and 1.1%, respectively. Staphylococcus spp.


## Discussion
subtilis ATCC 25928 strain (Table 1. All other isolates (including C. albicans, B. subtilis, C. parapsilosis, and A. fumigatus) were also negative for this strain (Table 1). In addition, C. tropicalis, C. dubliniensis, and C. parapsilosis were not detected in this study, indicating that the presence of these three Candida species was not restricted to the Brazilian peanut and not due to a limitation of the availability of peanuts.

The ITS region of the B. subtilis ATCC 25928 strain was revealed as the ITS2 region, which consists of 32 genes. The ITS2 region is much larger than that of the other three Candida species, which consists of 16 genes [14]. The results of the ITS1 region (100 bp) and the D1/D2 domains of the ITS1 and ITS2 regions (100 bp and 200 bp) revealed the presence of five different subpopulations: one for each of the B. subtilis ATCC 25928 strain and three subpopulations for each of the three Candida species. A large number of isolates from this study were from Brazil, where the majority of the isolates were from bean [20], and the Brazilian coastal region. The results of our study indicated that only a small number of B. subtilis isolates (42%) were from bean. B. subtilis was the most abundant species isolated in this study, and was found in about 1% of the Brazilian peanut samples. In general, the presence of B. subtilis in Brazil is relatively rare, and is restricted to the study area, which is mostly agricultural. B. subtilis has been observed in other countries and countries in the region. The presence of B. subtilis in different countries has also been reported [20,21,22,23,24,25,26].

The current study has shown that the presence of these three species was not restricted to the Brazilian peanut, but was restricted to the study area. B. subtilis was isolated from the Brazilian peanut samples and was found in 1.5% of the Brazilian peanut samples. B. subtilis was also isolated from the Brazilian peanut samples and was found in the same concentration as B. citriosus.
