# Structure and mechanisms of autophagy signaling in Cryptococcus neoformans
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Cryptococcus neoformans is a fungal pathogen that causes life-threatening meningoencephalitis in immunocompromised individuals. Disseminated C. neoformans infection is uncommon in immunocompetent hosts, and most cases occur in patients with no apparent underlying disease. The Cryptococcus gattii strain U87 (also called C. neoformans U87-like species) is a genetically tractable variant of C. gattii that is more closely related to the latter. Previous work from our laboratory demonstrated that the U87 strain behaves as a switch from mycelial growth to mycelial growth in C. neoformans and that the virulence of this switch is not altered in the switch from mycelial growth to mycelial growth in C. gattii. The current review focuses on the virulence attributes of the switch phenotype and discusses the challenges of phenotyping this switch-like virulence trait.


## Introduction
Acinetobacter species are common nosocomial pathogens and can cause infections in otherwise healthy patients [1]. Acinetobacter species are classified into two groups: Gram-negative and Gram-positive. The Gram-negative bacteria are able to survive inside the phagolysosome and survive and replicate in the extracellular environment, which usually leads to the generation of toxic reactive oxygen species (ROS) [2]. The Gram-positive bacteria, such as Acinetobacter species, are particularly vulnerable to ROS, and can survive and proliferate inside macrophages and other host cells, such as neutrophils and macrophages lacking the ability to phagocytosis ROS [3].


## Methods
gattii
Protein polarization was determined by the formation of a blue-white halo around the target crystal structure (Table 1. The halo was estimated by scanning electron microscopy (SEM) using a DeltaVision 200 SEM equipped with a TU-2 full-coverage electron microscope (Carl Zeiss, Gottingen, Germany). The number of internal branches (IR) surrounding the target crystal structure was determined by viewing a series of images from the same position over and over again. The halo intensity was measured using ImageJ.


## Results
Indeed, we found that while the regulation of autophagy in the presence of transgene was highly enriched (Figure 1A), the expression profile of autophagy was also highly variable (Figure 1B. Therefore, we focused on determining the autophagy signaling pathway in the presence of transgene. The induction of autophagy is regulated by the autophagy-inducible gene, the Cdc42, gene (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/genome/cdc42) that is essential for autophagy. The Cdc42 gene is a non-essential C. neoformans gene and does not affect the expression of autophagy-related genes (Gelch et al., 2014). The Cdc42 gene is present in the genome of C. neoformans and is therefore regarded as a potential autophagy target. However, the expression of the Cdc42 gene was not detected in the absence of transgene treatment in the presence of the autophagy inducer (Figure 1C). In the presence of the transgene, the Cdc42 gene is expressed in the absence of transgene and in the presence of the inducer (Figure 1D). In the presence of the inducer, the Cdc42 gene is expressed in the presence of the transgene, while the expression level is not detected in the presence of the inducer (Figure 1D). These results suggest that autophagy signaling is also involved in the regulation of Cdc42 gene expression in Cryptococcus.

The induction of autophagy is dependent on autophagic activity
To elucidate the mechanism by which autophagy signaling regulates autophagy, we compared the induction of autophagy-related genes and transcription factors by transgene treatment. Moreover, we identified a transcription factor (TF) and a transcription factor (TF-CDR) that are induced by transgene treatment in the presence of the inducer. The induction of these transcription factors was examined by comparing their induction profiles in the presence and absence of the inducer. As shown in Figure 2, the induction profiles of these two TFs are similar.


## Discussion
neoformans, we performed a population genetic analysis using microarray analysis (NIH-SP3) [32. We identified at least three genes involved in autophagy, three of them (GST3, GPR174 and GPR201) were related to cell wall biogenesis and cell wall stress resistance in C. neoformans. However, we were not able to identify the genes involved in autophagy in Cryptococcus neoformans, and thus the reason for this is not known. The ability of C. neoformans to use three different modes of autophagy in order to overcome cell wall stress is therefore surprising. The use of a single cell wall component (C. neoformans var. neoformans var. grubii) also led to the detection of different modes of autophagy in C. neoformans, but they were not detected in C. neoformans var. grubii. The presence of the genes GPR174, GPR201, and GPR202, which were the major components of the Gpr174/Gpr201 complex, suggests that these genes are involved in autophagy as a mechanism of cell wall stress resistance. Since the cell wall of C. neoformans was shown to be structurally and functionally distinct from that of C. neoformans [32, 33], we hypothesized that C. neoformans Gpr174 and Gpr202, which are involved in autophagy, might be involved in cell wall remodelling and cell differentiation. We found that the Gpr174/Gpr201 complex contains a Gpr201 domain, which is required for the assembly of the cell wall biogenesis complex. It is possible that this Gpr201 domain might also be involved in the assembly of the cell wall biogenesis complex, since the Gpr201 domain in C. neoformans Gpr174 is essential for assembly of the cell wall biogenesis complex (Figure 2). The presence of a Gpr201 domain in C. neoformans Gpr201 indicates that the Gpr201 domain might be involved in cell wall remodelling and cell differentiation.

We observed that the cell wall of C. neoformans var. grubii was the most susceptible cell wall component in comparison to that of C. neoformans var. grubii. The cell wall of C. neoformans var.
