# Systematic Analyses of Genetic Diversity in the Cryptococcus Species Complex Reveal Boundaries among Other Fungal Pathogens
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
During the last two decades, fungi in the genus Aspergillus gained in importance as the most prevalent etiological agent of invasive aspergillosis (IA). Recent studies of Aspergillus spp. in avian droppings and faeces have revealed the presence of a novel family of basidiomycete yeast species (Lutzia marneffei) in the genus Aspergillus, which are closely related to the major antifungal agents of IA. This genus was recently proposed to encompass a novel A. fumigatus basidiomycete species, Aflatoxylum marneffei (Lutzia marneffei), in the family Microascomycetes. Aflatoxylum marneffei is now proposed to encompass a previously unidentified A. nidulans species complex (Bipolaris majus), that is, a hyper-fungal species with a bipolar life cycle and phytopathogenic life cycle. As the ability to survive wide environmental niches and to cause disease has been extensively documented in extremophilic and toxical human pathogens, the question arises as to whether this adapted and pathogenic fungus might be able to fulfill this ecological role in its host species or whether it is simply adapting to the host environmental conditions in the human host. In the absence of conclusively evidentiary evidence to the contrary, it is concluded that A. marneffei is neither adapted to the host nor is it sufficiently sophisticated to be certain that Aflatoxylum marneffei can live in a certain environment and that it can live in a certain geographical location. Based on phenotypic studies of the Aflatoxylum marneffei isolates, it is concluded that it is neither, nor any fungus is able to grow in the absence of classical host ranges, such as birds, allowing it to adapt to the host environment. Consequently, the management of A. marneffei in the host and the establishment of effective exposure to the infection agent have been important factors in the control of this fungus in the host. This review briefly discusses the relationship between the adaptation to the host, Aflatoxylum marneffei, and pathogenesis.


## Introduction
155/2015/10/20/cryptoculture-and-fungi-solution.12).

A major strength of the study is the high diversity of the pathogen populations and the diversity of the taxa that survive on each other and within the Cryptococcus complex. The Cryptococcus species complex is comprised of two genera, Cryptococcus neoformans and Cryptococcus gattii. The former is the most common cause of cryptococcosis in immunocompromised patients and is predominantly associated with AIDS patients and those with solid organ transplants (Coyne and Orr, 2009; Dorsey et al., 2012; Chen et al., 2014). The latter pathogen is responsible for approximately 600,000 annual human infections in the United States and worldwide (Chen et al., 2014).

Cryptococcus gattii is the main etiologic agent of the pneumocystis pneumonia (PCP) complex, a severe invasive pulmonary form of the disease (Orr et al., 2008; Dorsey et al., 2012). PCP is the most common non-neutropenic PCP and a leading cause of mortality in HIV-positive patients in the developing world, and accounts for approximately 15% of all deaths (Orr et al., 2008). In the United States, PCP is most prevalent among solid organ transplant patients with a mortality of 70-95% (Dorsey et al., 2012). A notable difference between the Cryptococcus species and the pneumocystis species is the number of capsular polysaccharides produced by the bacteria (Dorsey et al., 2012). While the pneumocystis species produce fewer capsular polysaccharides, the Cryptococcus species produce more (C. neoformans and C. gattii) (Chen et al., 2014).

The Cryptococcus species complex is comprised of three serotypes, C. neoformans var. grubii (serotype A), C. neoformans var. neoformans (serotype D) and C. gattii (serotype B) (Chen et al., 2014).


## Methods
The protocol was approved by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee of the Federal University of Minas Gerais (CEP 08315) and the Ethics Committee of the Federal University of Minas Gerais (CEP 121727.

For the genetic diversity analysis of the strains, the strain H99 (Table 1) was grown on malt extract agar (MEA) at 28 °C. The mycelium was transferred to 500 ml Erlenmeyer flasks and incubated for 24 h at 28 °C. Mycelia were collected by filtration, washed with sterile distilled water and lyophilized. The lyophilized mycelia were re-suspended in 500 µl of sterile water and further processed for RNA isolation.

For the RNA-seq analysis, RNA samples were isolated from the mycelia of H99 and the strain H99A using the RNAiso Plus^TM RNA-seq kit (Tiangen Biotech, China). The RNA was purified by density-exclusion-based method using the RNA Clean & Concentrator kit (Promega, USA) according to the manufacturer's instructions. The RNA-seq libraries were prepared using the TruSeq RNA Sample Prep Kit v2.0 (Illumina, USA) according to the manufacturer's instructions. The RNA-seq libraries were sequenced in three replicates with a single RNA sample for each sample, at the National Centre for Biotechnology Information (NCBI, http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov) and Genomics Laboratory, Yangzhou University, Yangzhou, China.

To analyse the RNA-seq data, the program RNAmmer v1.3 (http://www.bioinformatics.bbsrc.ac.uk/RNMA/release/RNMA_form_form_guide/RMA_form_guide.html) was used. The RNA-seq data was processed and the raw data were deposited in the Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) (accession number: GSE67583).

Statistical analysis
The data were analyzed using SPSS software version 20.0 (SPSS, USA) and the biological and technical replicates were compared using one-way ANOVA.


## Results
 million nucleotide differences among the 16 different fungal genomes (Supplementary Table S2. The most frequent sites of polymorphism in the fungal genome (Figure 1) are those located in the centromeres, centromeres of the centromeres of the ribosomal subloci, and the centromeres of the cingulate cingulate region (Supplementary Table S3). The centromeres are the most common sites of polymorphism across all fungal genomes analyzed, with no polymorphism in any other site in the fungal genome. A total of 4,153 polymorphic sites were found in all fungal genomes, representing 39.1% of all polymorphic sites in the fungal genome (Figure 1). In total, 3,304 polymorphic sites were identified in at least one fungal species, and 1,255 polymorphic sites were identified in all fungal species. The most frequent polymorphisms among fungal species were found in the basidiomycete Cryptococcus neoformans (34.2%), the basidiomycete Cryptococcus gattii (32.2%), and the basidiomycete Cryptococcus neoformans var. neoformans (32.2%) (Figure 1). Interestingly, among the 11 fungal species analyzed, the centromeres of the centromeres of the centromeres of the centromeres of the centromeres of the cingulate cingulate region and the centromeres of the centromeric regions were found to be the most polymorphic sites in the fungal species (Supplementary Table S3).


## Discussion
These regions included the CYP2C16A gene cluster and CYP3C.1, the cluster containing the CYP2C16A gene and the large sub-domain of CYP3C3.1. The CYP3C3.1 gene cluster was predicted to be located in the CYP3C2C16A gene cluster and is involved in the adaptation to different environmental conditions (Schoch et al., 2014). A total of 75,282 unique genes were identified among the isolates belonging to 15 different genera (Table S3). These genes included genes encoding protein-coding genes, phospholipase A, a-tubulin-like genes, lncRNAs, nucleoside-binding proteins, trans-cis-mediated mRNA degradation enzymes, and a-tubulin-like genes (Table S3). The majority of these genes are involved in the synthesis and secretion of chitinases, a-tubulinases, a-tubulinases, and ß-tubulinases, which are involved in cell wall remodeling, morphogenesis, and cell wall biogenesis (Uchiyama et al., 2007; Zhao et al., 2009). Most of these genes were involved in the synthesis of enzymes involved in the biosynthesis of a- and ß-glucans, a-1,2- and ß-1,3-glucan, and ß-1,6-glucan (Uchiyama et al., 2007; Zhao et al., 2009).

The majority of the CYP2C16A genes were involved in biosynthesis of a-1,2-glucan, which is the predominant a-1,2-glucan in fungi and is used as an antifungal drug (Wu et al., 2008). The biosynthesis of ß-1,3-glucan is a key component of the fungal cell wall (Chen et al., 2004). The biosynthesis of a-1,2-glucan was also involved in the production of a-1,2-glucan in the cell wall of C. albicans (Lee and Park, 2002).
