# Targeting zinc homeostasis to promote plant growth and defense against bacterial and yeast pathogens
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Aspergillus fumigatus is a pathogenic fungus that causes life-threatening infections in immunocompromised patients. To identify genes that are important for interactions with the host A. fumigatus genome, we constructed gene clusters with homologous eukaryotic transcription factors. In this study, we identified a gene cluster comprising 106 orthologous genes in A. fumigatus PTEN.

Precise regulation of A. fumigatus expression is required for optimal pathogenicity, which in this study was reflected by the identification of a gene cluster comprising 106 orthologous genes in A. fumigatus PTEN. Using microarray analysis, we discovered that A. fumigatus PTEN has a large number of orthologous eukaryotic transcription factors, including the master paralog of the master regulator of the master repair system, PTEN. This transcription factor is crucial for both the early infection stages and the survival of A. fumigatus in response to host-induced killing. Furthermore, we identified the gene clusters that are affected in the opportunistic fungal pathogen Candida albicans. These genes encode proteins that function as molecular chaperones and are required for pathogenicity.


## Introduction

Zinc uptake is an important virulence factor of plant pathogen. Plant pathogenic fungi including Cercospora, Fusarium, and Ustilago are known to use different zinc uptake pathways to achieve colonization on plant tissues and organs [7]. These pathogenic fungi can utilize either zinc-containing membrane-bound uptake systems (ZBSs) or zinc-containing uptake systems (ZICs) to transport cytotoxic agents or metabolites from the cytoplasm to the cell body and to tissues, or to trigger cell death [8,9]. Zinc uptake systems can be classified in two types: (i) ZafR systems that can transport zinc and can be classified as membrane-bound and membrane-exposed systems [10,11]. The membrane-exposed system can be considered a zinc-containing intracellular compartment. The ZafR system is divided into two distinct phases: (i) Zinc uptake by the membrane-exposed system takes place via an extracellular transport mechanism [12,13]. (ii) The ZIC is a zinc-dependent intracellular compartment and the cell body of the intracellular compartment undergoes a significant reduction in zinc content as a result of the ZafR system [14]. Zinc uptake by the cell body of the ZafR system is regulated by two signal transduction pathways, the cAMP-dependent Protein Kinase A (PKA) pathway and the cAMP-regulated Kinase Dephosphorylceramide (KRD) pathway [15]. In the first phase, zinc is incorporated into a- and ß-cyclodextrungithicarboxylic acid (C_18:1) to form ß-cyclodextrungicarboxylic acids (e.g., cycloarten and cycloarten-1) [16]. In the second phase, zinc is incorporated into a-cyclodextrungicarboxylic acid (C_20:1) to form ß-cyclodextrungicarboxylic acids (e.g., cycloarten-2) [17].

The cAMP-dependent Protein Kinase A (PKA) pathway is a calcium/calmodulin-activated protein kinase that regulates the expression of a number genes.


## Methods
albicans, . glabrata, C. parapsilosis, C. tropicalis, C. lusitaniae, C. krusei, C. guilliermondii, C. parapsilosis, C. krusei, C. parapsilosis, and C. tropicalis) and XhoIb and XhoIc (C. parapsilosis, C. guilliermondii, C. krusei, C. lusitaniae, and C. parapsilosis), which were produced by the plasmid pZS-S-R2-GFP (Thermo Fisher Scientific). The first-strand cDNA (5’-AGAGTTTGATCTTGATGGTCACG-3’) was amplified from cDNA of Z. pombe using the primer set XbaI and XbaI-ZhoIc-S-R2-GFP. The second-strand cDNA was amplified from the first-strand cDNA using the primer set XbaI-S-F and XbaI-S-R-F. The third-strand cDNA was amplified using the primer set XbaI-S-R-F and XbaI-S-R-R. The fourth-strand cDNA was amplified using the primer set XbaI-S-R-F and XbaI-S-R-R. The further-strand cDNA was amplified using the primer set XbaI-S-F and XbaI-S-R-F. The second-strand cDNA was amplified from the first-strand cDNA using the primer set XbaI-S-R-F and XbaI-S-R-R. The third-strand cDNA was amplified using the primer set XbaI-S-F and XbaI-S-R-F. The fourth-strand cDNA was amplified from the second-strand cDNA using the primer set XbaI-S-F and XbaI-S-R-F.


## Results
Here, we wanted to determine if zinc homeostasis was affected in plant growth by ZNF2 overexpressio. We examined ZNF2 overexpression in three fungal species, Penicillium chrysogenum, Gliobacillus cereus, and Cryptococcus neoformans, and found that the znf2 mutant exhibited significantly reduced growth in all three fungal species (Fig 5A). Quantification of the ZNF2 gene in both species revealed that the ZNF2 overexpression mutants grew as well as the wild-type strain, whereas the znf2 mutant exhibited significantly reduced growth in all three species (Fig 5B). Quantification of the transcript abundance of ZNF2 in three fungal species revealed that the transcript abundance of ZNF2 in the znf2 mutant was significantly reduced (Fig 5C). These results indicated that ZNF2 was overexpressed in Penicillium chrysogenum, and that the znf2 mutant was less able to survive in the presence of high concentrations of zinc.

Znf2 overexpression in Cryptococcus neoformans increased iron acquisition during iron depletion
To further investigate the impact of ZNF2 overexpression on iron acquisition during iron depletion, we examined the transcript abundance of the gene encoding the iron transporter (Znf2) in Cryptococcus neoformans. The transcript abundance of ZNF2 in the znf2 mutant was reduced compared to that of the wild-type strain (Fig 6A). Quantification of the transcript abundance of ZNF2 in three Cryptococcus neoformans species revealed that the transcript abundance of ZNF2 in the znf2 mutant was reduced compared to that of the wild-type strain (Fig 6B). Quantification of the transcript abundance of ZNF2 in three fungal species revealed that the transcript abundance of ZNF2 in the znf2 mutant was significantly reduced compared to that of the wild-type strain (Fig 6C). These results indicated that ZNF2 overexpression was associated with increased iron acquisition during iron depletion.


## Discussion
The formation of microbial communities is complex and involves the synthesis of long-chain fatty acids and the subsequent metabolism of long-chain fatty acids (Kraus and Slodky, 2014; Govindapura et al., 2017). From a structural and evolutionary point of view, the formation of microbial communities is a complex process that involves the regulation of many metabolic pathways. It is an ongoing task in this study to identify the genes and genes encoding the enzymes involved in the synthesis of long-chain fatty acids and the subsequent metabolic pathway. The result of our study is a novel and high-throughput sequencing approach for studying the diversity and diversity of microbial communities in soil soils.

The genus Rhizoctonia was first described by Dühring (1909) and is characterized by its ability to synthesize long-chain fatty acids and their metabolites. However, the identification of this genus in the present study was based on the identification of the C. albicans strain that grew on ethanolic leaf extract of A. quercus. This strain has been widely used as a source of raw material for fermentation and has been previously identified as a potential bioethanol producer (Dühring, 2015). Recently, it was also shown that this fungus has the potential to produce bioethanol (Zhou et al., 2019). In addition to the above mentioned bioethanolic extracts, R. solani showed also the ability to produce bioethanol (Kubicek et al., 2018), but for this investigation, the enzyme activity was assessed by the use of GFM. The GFM-MS analysis showed that the enzymatic activity of the active enzyme was detected in a specific range (ranging from 0.06 to 0.22 g/mg L^-1) (Figure 1).

The Bifidobacterium strain, which was originally identified as R.
