# The Efficacy of a Burn-Soluble Compound for Candida albicans Biofilm Formation<|endoftext|><|startoftext|
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Introduction. Trehalose is a byproduct of fungal growth and is produced primarily by the yeasts Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Schizosaccharomyces pombe. It has been proposed that growth of S. cerevisiae and P. pastoris in the same medium together with the production of trehalose by S. cerevisiae and P. pastoris. This is not true, because in the yeasts and fungi, trehalose is a byproduct of co-productive growth. It is therefore assumed that by-products such as trehalose are produced simultaneously, and this by-product is metabolized in parallel with other metabolites. Trehalose-mediated co-production of metabolites with other substances, such as glycolipids and chitosan, has been reported for several fungal species. However, such phenomena are much more complex and involve two or more biochemical reactions involving the co-productives of these metabolites. In addition, the metabolic details of such reactions are not very clear, because they have never been reported in the yeasts and fungi. Therefore, these by-products are simultaneously produced. However, the fact that they do not involve a cell wall metabolite does not indicate that such co-production is not co-occurrence.


## Introduction
This yeast is part of the normal human flor. C. albicans is found in a wide range of environmental niches, including soil, water, air, and even on the skin of humans and animals [1]. Inhalation of C. albicans results in a thick mucus layer that may cause allergic bronchopulmonary as well as allergic sinusitis and otitis media. Other factors that induce allergic bronchopulmonary as well as otitis media in patients with C. albicans include invasive aspergillosis (IA) and mucocutaneous disease [2]. Owing to its immunological and pathogenic properties, C. albicans is considered to be an opportunistic pathogen and an important cause of life-threatening infections in humans and animals [3]. Owing to its widespread worldwide distribution, there is an increasing need for the development of new antifungals, and some groups have proposed that C. albicans is the most important opportunistic pathogen in humans and animals [4].

Some of the best-studied species in the genus Candida are Candida tropicalis, Candida parapsilosis, and Candida glabrata. However, there are several other species, such as Candida krusei, Candida parapsilosis, and Candida parapsilosis, that are not usually encountered in healthy people. In fact, C. parapsilosis is rarely isolated from the general population, but it is common among immunocompromised patients [5]. Candida albicans is usually the only pathogen of the human microbiome. However, when its capacity for growth and to evade the host immune response is disturbed, it can cause infections that are not normally suspected, but are often associated with other Candida species, which are increasingly recognized as pathogenic microorganisms [6, 7]. This situation led to the concept of “non-albicans” yeast species, namely Candida krusei and Candida tropicalis.


## Methods

Animals
Male BALB/c mice were purchased from the Charles River Laborator. BALB/c mice were housed under pathogen-free conditions with free access to food and water. The mice were handled according to the Guidelines for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals of the National Research Council, and the animal experiments were performed according to protocols approved by the University of Texas Health Science Center’s Animal Welfare Committee (AWC) and by the University of Texas Medical Branch Animal Care and Use Committee (AWC) as per the Guide for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals of the National Research Council (National Institutes of Health, Public Health Service).

C. parapsilosis ATCC 22019 was cultured in YPD liquid medium (2% glucose, 1% peptone, 0.2% yeast extract) at 30°C for 4 days. Cell culture media was obtained from the China General Hospital Culture Collection Center (CGHCC) and was used without further purification.

C. parapsilosis ATCC 22019 was cultured in RPMI 1640 medium (Life Technologies, Carlsbad, CA) at 37°C and 5% CO_2 for 4 days. Then, the cells were collected by centrifugation, washed twice with RPMI, and resuspended in PBS. The number of CFU was determined by plating serial dilutions of the suspension on YPD agar and incubating at 30°C.

To determine the impact of the presence of the fluconazole resistance gene (FLR) of C. parapsilosis, the viability of the cell line C. parapsilosis ATCC 22019, which was cultured in YPD medium, was determined by serial dilution using a hemocytometer.

C. parapsilosis ATCC 22019 was cultured in YPD medium containing 5% FBS and 1% Penicillin-Streptomycin for 2 days. Then, the cell culture was collected by centrifugation, washed twice with PBS, and resuspended in PBS.


## Results
dermatitidis . donovani L. donovani L. donovani L. donovani L. donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.donovani L.


## Discussion
gattii outbreak in South Americ. Our previous study demonstrated that the serotype A strain, which was derived from a serotype D strain, was associated with an increased risk of cryptococcosis in humans, and thus, raised the possibility of serotype A strain as a pathogen. Here we demonstrated that the serotype A strain, BAB-3, is highly susceptible to Cryptococcus spp. and that this strain is a serotype D strain. We also demonstrated that the serotype D strain, BAB-3, is more virulent than the serotype A strain BAB-6, and that this strain is a serotype A strain.

The pathogenic potential of serotype D strains in humans has been reported for several strains (e.g., BAB-2, BAB-1, BAB-10, BAB-10, BAB-12, BAB-23, BAB-29, and BAB-31) [1, 10, 13]. However, no studies have compared serotype A strains to serotype D strains in humans. Our previous study demonstrated that serotype D strains were more virulent than serotype A strains [12], but the serotype A strain used in our study is not a serotype A strain, and we did not find differences between serotype A and serotype D strains. In addition, the serotype D strain used in our study is a serotype A strain, but the results of serotype D studies are not standardized [12]. Therefore, our study has only been performed in humans and not in Brazil.

The serotype D strain BAB-3 is a serotype A strain. Although BAB-3 has been reported in other countries [15], we have not found that BAB-3 is the causative serotype A strain. The serotype D strain, BAB-3, is serotype D, and the BAB-3 strain was not a serotype A strain. The serotype D strain, BAB-3, is a serotype A strain, and we did not find differences between serotype D strains. We hypothesize that the increased virulence of serotype D strains is due to an increase in the production of serotype A strains, which have been reported to be more virulent than serotype D strains [14].
