# The Intracellular Characterization of Paracoccidioides spp. by RNA-Seq and Mass Spectrometry
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
This work describes a system for the analysis of the genetic diversity of the Dothideomycetes based on the sequencing of a large scale genome of the Leotiomyceta. This type of a genome cannot be mapped to a reference genome without the intervention of other sources and therefore it can not be used to infer their population structure. We have determined the A1 to B2 sequence of the Leotiomycetes and found the B1 to B4 group of genes that are absent in the A2 group of genes. The B2 sequence is more similar to the genes in the A1 group of Leotiomycetes than to Leotiomycetes. We find that the genome of one isolate of each of the Leotiomycetes is larger than the genome of the related species. This is associated with the occurrence of a large subtelomere and a high level of gene duplications. We also show that the Leotiomycetes and the Leotiomycetes have an unusual structure, with an unusually thick and thick core and end lobes that are dependent on the cell wall of the fungus and the size of the cell.


## Introduction
Strawberry (Fragaria × spearmint) is one of the most important fruit crops in the world, and it has been consumed over 1000 million years as a “spillover” or “obligatory” food. Since its creation, strawberry has been used to produce more than 90 products ranging in value from $1,000 to $7 million per year [1]. Strawberry is one of the world’s most important fruit crops, and it accounts for approximately 25% of the total world population's annual production. Currently, strawberry contains more than 300 important crops, and some of them are considered important for the survival of these plants. Among them are strawberry, melons, pistachio, apples, pears, pistachio, and kiwifruit, as well as kiwifruit, which is one of the most important fruits in the world [2].

The strawberry species are highly resistant to pests and diseases [3]. Plants have developed a variety of resistance mechanisms in order to prevent fruit losses caused by pests. The successful use of chemicals to control pests is an important way of preventing damage to crops and increasing economic value. However, it is a serious problem because of the long period of chemotaxonomic treatments used and the economic costs associated with the use of synthetic chemical compounds. Chemotaxonomic treatment of pests usually leads to a reduction of efficacy of the treatment, which is mainly due to the resistance of the pest to the chemicals [4]. Another important factor affecting the economic impact of chemical treatments is the emergence of pathogenic microbes in the past few decades. This is due to the frequent application of antibiotics to treat infectious diseases and the emergence of antibiotic-resistant strains. For example, Staphylococcus aureus was first isolated from strawberries in Italy in the year 1950 and later from leaves of many other fruits and vegetables [5]. Another example is the antibiotic-resistant pathogen, Staphylococcus epidermidis, which was isolated from the leaves of many green and red pepper plants in China in the year 2000 [6].


## Methods
genome sequence was obtained from NCBI using the BioNCBI sequence collection accession number SRP042551 [17. The sequencing data was aligned with the available sequence from the NCBI database (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/sra/), and the nucleotide substitution model was chosen. The phylogenetic tree was constructed with MEGA 5.0 software [18]. The phylogenetic tree was visualized with PyMOL software version 2.6 [19].

Quantitative PCR and quantitative real-time RT-PCR
Cells were grown in Luria-Bertani (LB) media with 2% glucose and 25 mM HEPES, pH 7.4 at 37°C, or in YPD media with or without 200 µg/ml chloramphenicol (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA) [20]. The cells were harvested and the pellets were resuspended in a 100 µl lysis buffer (100 mM Tris-HCl pH 7.5, 150 mM NaCl, 1% NP40, 1 mM DTT, 1 mM MgCl_2, 1 mM EDTA, 0.2% SDS) and homogenized in a Precellys^® Terminator MM300 (Bertin Technologies, Bellefonte, PA, USA) homogenizer. The samples were centrifuged at 15,000 rpm for 5 min at 4°C and the supernatant was removed. The pellets were resuspended in 1 ml of RNase-free water and incubated at 37°C for 30 min. The RNA was extracted using the RNAeasy mini kit (Qiagen, Hilden, Germany) following the manufacturer’s instructions. RNA concentration was measured using a NanoDrop 2000 spectrophotometer (ThermoFisher Scientific, Waltham, MA, USA) and the concentration of each sample was adjusted to a final RNA amount of 2000 nM. The RNA integrity was evaluated by agarose gel electrophoresis and RNA integrity number (RIN) was calculated using the RIN matrix kit (Qiagen, Hilden, Germany). The RNA concentration was measured using a Bioanalyzer (Agilent Technologies, Santa Clara, CA, USA) and the concentration of each sample was adjusted to a final RNA amount of 0.25 ng/µl.


## Results
. Fluid Reactions
Aqueous solutions of varying concentrations (5, 25, 50, and 100 g/L) for the initial incubation of the LPS-activated strains was prepared, and the growth of the engineered strains was monitored by CFU counting (Fig 1).


## Discussion
(Figures S1-S3. These genes are involved in the production of secondary metabolites and in the regulation of the sporulation process. Our previous study showed that the type I and type II genes involved in sporulation and the rate-limiting genes in the production of secondary metabolites are different in Paracoccidioides spp. (20). We have identified an additional 569 genes involved in the sporulation of Paracoccidioides spp. and also other fungal species. The type I and type II genes were most highly expressed (Figure S4). The type I gene was involved in the production of the sialopasone biosynthetic enzyme, p-nitrosylated glucosyltransferase, and the production of the heme biosynthetic enzyme, ß-mannanase, in Paracoccidioides spp. (20). Type II genes were expressed at a higher level in Paracoccidioides spp. (Table S1). Our results indicated that the expression of type I and type II genes is increased in Paracoccidioides spp. and its expression in other fungi is similar to that of Paracoccidioides spp.

The transcription factor sequence was highly expressed in the sporulation process in Paracoccidioides spp. (Figure S5). The protein encoded by the gene p-nitrosylated glucosyltransferase was found to be up-regulated in the sporulation process in Paracoccidioides spp. (20). Our previous study showed that the type II gene was up-regulated in the sporulation process of Paracoccidioides spp. (20). We identified an additional 495 genes involved in the sporulation process in Paracoccidioides spp. (Figure S6). Our results indicated that the type II gene is up-regulated in the sporulation process of Paracoccidioides spp.

The analysis of the mRNA expression data showed that the sporulation process of Paracoccidioides spp. was regulated by the up-regulation of the transcription factor gene a-tubulin (Figure S7). The transcription factor gene a-tubulin was found to be up-regulated in the sporulation process of Paracoccidioides spp.
