# The Role of RNA PolyRNAs in Host Response and Tumor Pathogenesis
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Tuberculous meningitis (TBM) is the most common cause of adult meningitis in Africa. There are no effective treatment options. The promising results of antifungal therapy in TBM suggest that further investigation is needed for developing new treatment regimens.

We studied the antifungal effects of heptazolin, fluconazole and caspofungin against 21 TBM clinical isolates using the CLSI M27-A3 method and the CLSI M27-S9 method.

The antifungal activity of each drug was tested against 96 strains of clinical strains. The antifungal effect of the caspofungin treatment was assessed against strains sensitive to fluconazole. The effects of the antifungal drugs were measured against clinical strains against the CLSI M27-A3 method.

All the drugs were active against the same minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) at 80-100 µg/mL. The MIC values for fluconazole and the caspofungin were the same as fluconazole values for the same concentration (250-500 µg/mL). The values of MIC for each drug ranged from 2 to 8 µg/mL for fluconazole. The caspofungin treatment had no effect against all the strains except for a strain of strain YF-99 that was resistant to fluconazole.


## Introduction
Glucosaminogalactam (GALAm) is a clinically used polyene antifungal agent with antimicrobial activity. The effects of GALAm in the treatment of fungal infections have been reported to be very beneficial, with partial inhibition of growth of Candida albicans and Cryptococcus neoformans in immunocompetent and immunosuppressed patients. The safety and efficacy of GALAm are well known and the efficacy of other azole antifungals such as fluconazole were reported to be excellent in this study, although significant adverse effects were observed in some patients. However, to our knowledge, there are no reports regarding the antifungal effect of GALAm in the treatment of candidiasis. Therefore, in this study, the effect of GALAm on the efficacy of antifungal therapy against fungal infections in the management of patients with severe clinical manifestations was investigated.


## Methods
To generate the transcriptome libraries, a total of 20 µg of the RNA sample was used for sequencing on the Illumina HiSeq platfor. The RNA sample was fragmented using a QIAquick PCR instrument (Qiagen). The cDNA was prepared using the Wizard® Genome Sequencing Kit (Promega) according to the manufacturer’s instructions. The cDNA library was sequenced using the HiSeq Illumina HiSeq 1000 system. The RNA samples were screened for high quality using a minimum quality score of 60, a minimum repeat length of 500 bp, and a minimum template length of 300 bp. The sequencing data were deposited at the NCBIs Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) under accession number GSE28821.

Identification of the Tumor Pathogen
The Tumor Pathogen database contains a total of 35,235,165,466 sequences from the 22,929 human and 43,702 mouse species with a total of 2,228,648,907,159,921,711,821,712 sequences. The Tumor Pathogen database is a curated and indexed collection of organisms with high similarities in their genome sequence data, including fungi, bacteria, viruses, and archaea, and all the fungal sequences are available for download. The database contains an additional 6,563,857 sequences, which are used to identify the pathogen, the relative number of sequences is 3,514, 979, 979, 979, 979, and 979, respectively. In addition, a total of 73,395,102 sequences were retrieved from the TUMOR database, which is the largest and most comprehensive set of sequences available for the TUMOR database (http://tumor.uthsc.edu/).


## Results
hominis genome are also highly conserved in the early stages of host infection (Chen et a., 2011). To further investigate the RNA polymerase I-mediated host response, we compared the expression of genes related to immune response, including the Fungal innate immune response regulator the Fungal RNA Polyprotein FOG1 (Oliver et al., 2009) and the Fungal Pathogenicity factor FFP (Chow et al., 2008). Notably, we found that both the Fungal FOG1 and FFP genes are significantly up-regulated in the early stages of infection, indicating that the early host response is highly dependent on RNA polymerase I. The expression of the FFP gene in the early stages of infection was found to be significantly higher in the L. monocytogenes (P < 0.001) than in the L. major (P < 0.001) (Fig 1a). We also found that the expression of the FFP gene in the early stages of infection was significantly higher in L. monocytogenes (P < 0.001) than in L. major (P < 0.001) (Fig 1a). To test whether the transcriptional program of the L. monocytogenes could be utilized to interpret the transcriptome data, we compared the transcriptomes of the differentially expressed genes (REN-GFP) in L. monocytogenes infected with L. monocytogenes at different stages of infection. We found that L. monocytogenes infected with L. monocytogenes had a significantly higher transcriptome of F-box protein FGR1 than L. monocytogenes infected with L. monocytogenes (P < 0.001) (Fig 1b). The expression of FGR1 was also significantly higher in the early stages of L. monocytogenes (P < 0.001) than in L. major (P < 0.001) (Fig 1b). Taken together, the RNA-polymerase I-mediated host response was enhanced in the early stages of L. monocytogenes infection, but it did not appear to be the most important host response.


## Discussion
neoformans and . gattii [29, 30, 41, 42], and the reasons for their evolutionary association have been well-studied in other fungi. In C. neoformans, the RNA-mediated silencing of Pdr2 and Pdr3p was implicated in the production of drug-resistant growth in a murine inhalation model [18]. In C. gattii, the role of Sre1p, an upstream target of Pdr1p, in the expression of a toxin protein was shown to be required for virulence and in the induction of pathogenicity in a murine inhalation model [18]. In C. albicans, the RNA-mediated silencing of the plasma membrane protein AfuM leads to decreased virulence and enhanced virulence in a murine inhalation model [43]. In addition, several studies have demonstrated that the inactivation of Pdr1p can reduce the virulence of C. neoformans and C. gattii in murine models of infection [18, 19, 44, 45]. It has been reported that the expression of AfuM in Candida spp. has a major effect on C. albicans [46]. The inactivation of Pdr1p was shown to reduce the virulence of C. neoformans and C. gattii in a murine inhalation model [18]. In addition, the RNA-mediated silencing of the human target gene Aft1p, which encodes an essential protein for cell wall biosynthesis, significantly reduced the virulence of C. albicans and C. neoformans in mice [47]. It has been reported that the expression of Pdr1p and AfuM in C. albicans is regulated by a similar mechanism to AfuM in C. neoformans and C. gattii [19, 45]. The results of this study suggest that Pdr1p and AfuM are required for the virulence of C. neoformans and C. gattii.

In C. albicans, the expression of the gene encoding Pdr2p is significantly decreased in response to antifungal treatment in a murine inhalation model [18]. This study showed that Pdr2p plays a role in the regulation of the virulence of C. albicans and C.
