# The Interface between Human Antimicrobial Polymers and Drug Repurposing to Medically Important Fungal Pathogens: Evolution of the CCAAT-Bicome
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
A 64-year-old woman with diabetes and Hodgkin’s disease presented to our hospital with a four-week history of headache, fever, and abdominal pain for which she was intravenous hydrated. She had been previously treated with glucocorticoids. She had received corticosteroids and other immunosuppressive treatment. She had diet and hydration. There was erosion of the right soft tissue of the left hand of her 2-month-old baby. Her exam finding that a three-month history of steroid use for Hodgkin's disease suggested an autoimmune reaction to infection was subsequently confirmed by polymerase chain reaction. A diagnosis of CNS infection was made and she was placed on antitubercular treatment. She recovered fully after antitubercular treatment was discontinued. She had a good appetite and was not on steroids. This case illustrates the importance of a thorough history, including knowledge of the clinical and/or microbiological findings, prior to taking appropriate anti-TB drugs.

Atypical diagnoses of disseminated granulomatosis, especially acute meningitis, are often refractory and can be confusing for those with suspected underlying disease. This case report provides an example of refractory granulomatosis in a patient with a low CD4 cell count, with an untimely diagnosis of disseminated granulomatosis.


## Introduction
Diseases caused by fungi in the genus Fusarium are a major problem in the agricultural sector. These fungi are responsible for the high incidence of plant diseases such as fusarium head blight (FHB), and are responsible for up to 70% of all Fusarium head blight in banana cultivation worldwide. The disease is particularly devastating in Asia, including China, India, Indonesia, Australia, and Japan [1,2]. Fusarium head blight is also a serious threat to maize, sorghum, and soybean production in some Asian countries [3-6]. Fusarium head blight is caused by the dimorphic fungus F. graminearum, which can be found in soil and decaying plant material as mycelia. The fungus produces conidia that are hat-shaped and have short germ tubes. The elongation of conidia increases nutrient uptake from the soil and increases the plant’s growth. Additionally, the dimorphic fungus F. graminearum produces hyphae that are able to produce infectious spores. These spores are produced in the mycelial phase and either in the mycelium of the fungus or in the vegetative form. Although, the development of F. graminearum in soil and plant material is very well described, little is known about the fungal biology and the molecular mechanisms involved in the pathogenesis of the disease. It is known that the disease can progress from a slow-growing mycelium, to a more advanced growth phase, such as the formation of new mycelia, which is able to produce infective phoretic molds. As a result of this progress, the fungus can infect more and more banana varieties [7-9]. The development of the disease can be triggered by several factors, including environmental factors such as temperature, humidity, and light, as well as the host´s response, such as the morphological, physiological, and molecular changes [10]. Therefore, it is important to understand the molecular mechanisms that are involved in this process.


## Methods
The CCAAT-Bicome system is based on the binding and receptor binding motifs, which was first developed by Molecular Graphics International (MVG) in order to provide a simple, flexible, and modular interface between bacterial and fungal molecule. The mechanism of the CCAAT-Bicome system was designed based on the binding and receptor binding motifs, which was first designed and validated by using MMLV and is a common molecular docking model of human DNA binding and receptor binding. The solution of MMLV, the binding and receptor binding motifs, and the MVG-based docking method was used to design the CCAAT-Bicome system. In order to optimize the binding and receptor binding of the system, we used a MMLV docking approach and the MVG-based docking approach to improve the functionality of the system.

The binding and receptor binding motifs were considered for docking at the CCAAT-Bicome, and the ligands were considered at the three-dimensional (3D) docking surface and at the 3-dimensional (3D) docking surface of the system, as described above. The docking was performed using the docking software Flexbox (http://www.flexbox.com/) [50].

Transmission Electron Microscopy
The cell culture was prepared by culturing the cells in RPMI 1640 medium for 24 h at 37 °C and 5% CO_2. The culture supernatant was collected and used for the culture by centrifugation at 4,000 g for 10 min. The cell pellet was washed twice with PBS and centrifuged at 4,000 g for 10 min. The cell pellet was suspended in PBS. The cell suspension was vortexed for 10 s and then centrifuged at 4,000 g for 10 min. The supernatant was collected and used for the culture by centrifugation at 4,000 g for 10 min. The cell pellet was suspended in PBS, and the cells were fixed with 3% paraformaldehyde for 1 min.


## Results
It is well documented that fungal pathogens are notorious for the use of the CCAAT-Bicome in drug release to drug target in order to promote drug resistance, antifungal drug resistance and drug efficac. The CCAAT-Bicome can be used to regulate the activity of drugs in the CNS by regulating the activity of drug receptors, thereby increasing drug susceptibility and drug resistance.

The novel drug release inhibitors used in this study included clotrimazole (10 µg/ml), clotrimazole (100 µg/ml), clotrimazole (100 µg/ml) and tetracycline (50 µg/ml). The current literature reports the activity of the CCAAT-Bicome against the polysaccharide monooxygenase inhibitor cycloheximide (50 µg/ml), which may be a useful drug for human pathogens. The activity of the CCAAT-Bicome against cycloheximide is in the order of Table 1.

The CCAAT-Bicome in the CNS is required for drug resistance and drug resistance
The CCAAT-Bicome in the CNS was experimentally determined to be very active against the major fungal pathogens, Candida spp. (ATCC 90028, CBS 13946, C. albicans, C. glabrata, C. krusei, C. krusei, C. parapsilosis, C. neoformans, C. parvovirens, C. glabrata, C. lusitaniae, C. metapsilosis, C. lusitaniae, C. lusitaniae, C. metapsilosis, and C. neoformans) and bacteria (Table 2).

The CCAAT-Bicome is required for drug resistance
The CCAAT-Bicome was also tested to determine if the CCAAT-Bicome has antifungal activity against the bacterial species Candida spp. and C. albicans.


## Discussion
albicans and . neoformans (Fig 1). The CCAAT-AICome was represented by 11 copies of the three major subfamilies. The CCAAT-Bicome was represented by only one copy of the CCAAT-AICome (Fig 1). The CCAAT-AICome contained the typical proteins of the major subfamilies of C. albicans. The CCAAT-Bicome contained the major subfamilies of C. neoformans. The CCAAT-AICome contained the CCAAT-Bicome subfamily with the exception of the two C. orthopsilosis homologs. The CCAAT-AICome contained the CCAAT-Bicome subfamily with the exception of the C. parapsilosis subfamily. These three subfamilies were phylogenetically closely related to the CCAAT-AICome (Fig 1) and all the four CCAAT-AIComes contain a CCAAT-Bicome. The CCAAT-AICome contained a majority of the CCAAT-Bicomes, with a second of the CCAAT-AICome (Fig 1). The CCAAT-AICome contained the majority of the CCAAT-AICome, which was not present in the CCAAT-Bicome. The CCAAT-AICome contained the majority of the CCAAT-Bicomes, with the exception of the two CCAAT-AIComes. The CCAAT-AICome contained the CCAAT-Bicome subfamily and the CCAAT-AICome. The CCAAT-AICome contained the majority of the CCAAT-Bicome, which was present in the CCAAT-AICome. The CCAAT-AICome contained the majority of the CCAAT-Bicome, which was absent in the CCAAT-AICome. The CCAAT-AICome contained the majority of the CCAAT-AICome, which was absent in the CCAAT-AICome.

The CCAAT-AICome was divided into three subfamilies (Fig 1).
