# The paracoccidioidomycosis complex: recent observations on the pathogenic mechanisms of Aspergillus fumigatus and some obscure allies
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Invasive fungal infections are associated with high mortality rates, and new treatments are desperately needed. The fungus Aspergillus fumigatus is thought to be the causative agent of invasive aspergillosis, a disease that predominantly affects immunocompromised patients. In a previous study on Aspergillus terreus, we found that A. fumigatus synthesized fumarate had the best interaction with ß1,6-diphosphate (D-PDH) in vitro. In this study, we further elucidated the mechanisms behind PDH binding and the side chain of this interaction. We found that a phosphatidylcholine receptor (Pda1) that binds to PDH was required for its PDH-dependent action. A homolog of Pda1 was found to be essential for the interaction; however, the role of Pda1 and the PDH binding protein in fungal PDH might be different. We found that the interaction of Pda1 with PDH is required for fungal growth arrest. Finally, the molecular basis for the interaction between Pda1 and PDH was investigated using a forward genetic screen, which revealed that the mutant allele of Pda1 severely degrades the enzyme and leads to an impaired rate of phosphorylation of PDH. The results indicated that this mutant allele greatly diverged from the wild type in the early stages of Aspergillus fumigatus development. These results establish PDH as a potential drug target and put a considerable future focus on improving aspergillosis diagnostics.


## Introduction
Candida albicans is one of the most common microorganisms found in the human body, colonizing the skin, gastrointestinal tract, and central nervous system (CNS) in a wide range of immunocompromised patients. However, in healthy individuals, C. albicans can be recovered in different stages and even in immune suppressed states [1]. Patients suffering from different forms of systemic infection such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), bronchiectasis, or asthma may develop fungal infections including Candida albicans. The exact spectrum of Candida albicans infection is unknown, but one of the most common fungal species isolated from the airways of patients with COPD, bronchiectasis, or asthma is Candida albicans. The incidence of candidiasis has increased over the past decades and has been associated with the increased use of immunosuppressive regimens [2]. A significant number of patients with COPD, COPD, or COPD are diagnosed with fungal infections and treated by corticosteroids. However, the number of fungal infections has not increased significantly in the past few decades due to the widespread use of immunosuppressive therapy [3].

The most common fungal species isolated from the skin and mucosa of healthy individuals are Candida albicans and Candida glabrata. However, there are some opportunistic fungi that are found in the respiratory tract, such as Cryptococcus neoformans, or in patients with AIDS. Patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis (ABPA) are at high risk of developing candidiasis. Although the incidence of the opportunistic fungi in these patients is unknown, there is a clear correlation between the prevalence of Candida albicans and the presence of AABPA patients. The risk factors of ABPA patients to be infected with Candida albicans include underlying conditions, diabetes, neutropenia, invasive medical devices, and exposure to certain medications used to treat asthma and COPD [4].

The most common fungal species isolated from the skin and mucosa of healthy individuals are Candida albicans and Candida glabrata.


## Methods
neoformans were put to res.

4.4. Aspergillus Fumigatus Enrichment
A novel fungal aspergillosis gene was discovered in our culture collection. The FUMG1, FUMG2 and FUMG3A gene-locus sequence databases were designed to support the fungal FUMG1 and FUMG2 phylogenies. In order to construct the FUMG1 gene-locus alignment, the genomic DNA of the strain FUMG1 was digested with KpnI, then cloned into KpnI- and BamHI-digested pCBB4.1 [63], respectively. These resulting plasmids were introduced into the plasmid pCBB4.1, where the FUMG1 and FUMG2 genes were inserted. These plasmids were introduced into the yeast pAN7.1 (TransGen Biotech, China) by biolistic transformation and were transformed into C. neoformans by biolistic transformation. The S. cerevisiae FUMG1 gene-locus was amplified by PCR using the primers listed in Table 1, and introduced into the yeast pAN7.1 by biolistic transformation. The resultant plasmid was transformed into S. cerevisiae by biolistic transformation. The plasmid was transformed into the heterologous Aspergillus fumigatus by biolistic transformation. After transformation, yeast cells were preserved on YPD medium (yeast extract, 20 g/liter, 2% [w/v] glucose, 2% [w/v] peptone, 2% [v/v] dextrose, 1% [v/v] agar) supplemented with 10% (w/v) fetal bovine serum (FBS, 2 mM, Biospec Products, USA), and incubated overnight at 37°C.

The yeast cells were harvested, washed, and suspended in PBS (PBS-T) containing 0.05% (w/v) formaldehyde, and 1 × 10^6 cells/ml were plated. After incubation at 30°C, 50 µl of these suspensions were added to 20 µl of RPMI-1640 medium supplemented with 10% (w/v) FBS. A suspension of 50 µl of the same volume of RPMI-1640 was added to 4.


## Results

Disease-causing fungi are described in two different collection. One is the Dothideomycetes (Dothideomycetes) collection from China and the other is the C. neoformans (C. neoformans) collection from the Netherlands. Both collections are based on isolates of the same species, but differ in several aspects: the collection from China (Figure 1) does not contain any fungi, whereas the collection from the Netherlands (Figure 1) contains fungi with a similar morphology, including fungi with pigmentation, and fungi with a stronger mycelial growth. The C. neoformans collection from the Netherlands (Figure 2) was included in the C. neoformans complex. This is also the first time the C. neoformans complex has been described in a natural environment.

In C. neoformans, the morphologically similar mycelial growth and sporulation patterns of the C. neoformans and C. deuterogattii isolates, as well as the much lower levels of sporulation observed for the other fungi in the collections (Figure 1) were consistent with the above observations.

3.3. Identification of Fungal Community Variables
A total of 896 fungal taxa were identified in the four sequenced libraries from the two collections. The fungal taxa were assigned to four clades, and the total number of fungal taxa was distributed in four clades. The clade Mucor circinelloides (Mucor circinelloides) formed a sister clade with the Sordariomycetes, which is represented by a single-strain lineage (Figure 2). The Mucor circinelloides clade is more genetically diverse than the Sordariomycetes (Figure 2). The clade Trichoderma spp. was assigned to the Mucorales clade, which was represented by a single-strain lineage (Figure 2). The Mucorales clade also contained three single-strain clades, which are in agreement with the previous observations. The Sordariomycetes clade was assigned to the Trichoderma spp. clade, which was represented by a single-strain lineage (Figure 2).


## Discussion
neoformans [10,12,27]

In the context of the pathogenic implications of the cryptococcosis-resistant isolates, it is important to highlight that, in our current model, the observed increased mortality of the cryptococcosis-resistant isolates could be explained by the increased resistance to antifungal therap. As this model is based on non-specific and variable virulence factors, this can provide important insight into the efficacy of antifungal therapy. The mortality of the cryptococcosis-resistant isolates likely reflects the high mortality in patients treated with amphotericin B, as this therapy is currently used in many patients, as opposed to amphotericin B in patients with an idiopathic immunodeficiency [32]. However, in our model, a decrease in mortality was observed for patients treated with amphotericin B and caspofungin, whereas this effect was not observed for amphotericin B alone. These results suggest that the resistance mechanisms of the cryptococcosis-resistant isolates are in fact not necessarily the same as those of the non-cryptococcal isolates. This may be due to different mechanisms of action of antifungal therapy in different patient populations, but also to differences in the immune status of the infected patients.

In this model, we found that C. neoformans was able to survive in the presence of amphotericin B. In addition, the C. gattii strain used in our study also exhibited the capacity to survive in the presence of amphotericin B. This strain was isolated from a patient with pulmonary cryptococcosis. The isolate obtained in our study was able to survive in the presence of amphotericin B and it is therefore possible that this strain is also capable of surviving in the presence of amphotericin B. In addition, it has been reported that C. gattii strains with increased resistance to amphotericin B have been associated with increased mortality in patients with HIV and cryptococcosis [33,34,35]. This study suggests that C. gattii strains can also be capable of surviving in the presence of amphotericin B and this is consistent with the results reported in other studies [34,35].

Our study provides novel insights into the immunopathology of cryptococcosis, showing that the resistance to antifungal therapy is associated with increased mortality.
