# The Distribution and Evolution of the Triad Lignids used for Innate Lysis and Outcome of Parenchymal Ligation
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Fungi are known to utilize versatile signalling pathways to enable adaptation to their hosts. Here we highlight the fascinating power of studies by members of the mycobiota, including the fungal-like filamentous fungi Sclerotinia sclerotiorum, the biotrophic oomycete Trichoderma reesei, and the filamentous basidiomycete Ophiostoma sp. Here we highlight the complexities of these signaling systems and highlight the ways in which these systems may be exploited to our benefit.

DOI:http://dx.doi.org/10.7554/eLife.03587.001

Many of the mycobiota that form the human microbiome have a symbiotic history with bacteria and fungi.


## Introduction
yuccigatus) (2006) and for Innate Lysis and Outcome of Parenchymal Ligation in Sclerotinia (. yuccigatus).

The monoterpene alcohol acetylsalicylic acid (AcAc) was introduced in the 1930s as a viable and effective drug for ocular disease (Salami et al., 2010). AcAc was first used in the treatment of squamous cell carcinoma (Saito et al., 2002), and it has since been used for ocular cancer treatment in the treatment of acne vulgaris and in the treatment of ocular cancer (Otani et al., 2015). AcAc has been used for the treatment of ocular disorders and for ocular inflammation in the treatment of rheumatism, cellulitis, disc and rectal cancer in Australia (Wells et al., 2000) and for the treatment of disc and rectal pain in Japan (Ohashi et al., 2001). AcAcAc has been used in the treatment of non-infectious ocular disorders, including cellulitis, disc and rectal pain (Ohashi et al., 2001). AcAcAs are non-toxic and have an excellent therapeutic option, especially for ocular diseases (Ohashi et al., 2001). Due to their low toxicity and oral bioavailability, the treatment of ocular disorders has been embraced by the pharmaceutical industry for the treatment of cancer, infectious disease and other ocular diseases. The use of AcAs in the treatment of ocular diseases has increased recently (Taniguchi et al., 2016).

Acetylsalicylic acid (AcAc) is a structurally complex compound that exists as a metabolite in both yeast and mammals and has been widely used in the treatment of multiple ocular diseases including skin cancer (Ohashi et al., 2001), blood and nail infections (Naroen et al., 2009), prostate and bladder cancer (Ohashi et al., 2001), rheumatism, cellulitis, rheumatism, disc and rectal pain (Ohashi et al., 2001) and ocular cancer (Ohashi et al., 2001). Several studies have shown that acetylsalicylic acid exhibits broad-spectrum antibacterial, antifungal and immunosuppressive activities (Ohashi et al.


## Methods
The RNA concentration was determined using the NanoDrop 2000 spectrophotometer (NanoDrop Technologies, Wilmington, DE, USA.

The RNA integrity and concentration were verified by quantitative PCR (qPCR). For each isolate, the concentration of RNA was determined using the NanoDrop 2000 spectrophotometer (NanoDrop Technologies, Wilmington, DE, USA). A reaction volume of 1 µl of the qPCR mixture (0.2 µM) was used for each sample. The expression levels were calculated using the 2^-<U+0394><U+0394>CT method [57] and the results were presented as fold change compared to the control. The reverse transcriptase (RT) primers used for qPCR were designed using Primer3 software (http://www.expasy.org/).

Growth of isolate P_Cf_t
A. fumigatus P_Cf_t (InvivoGen) was used as the inoculum. Aliquots of 2 mL of 0.01% Tween 80 (0.1%) and 0.01% BSA (0.1%) were inoculated with each of the cultures (5 mL of 1.0 × 10^4 conidia ml^-1) at 28 °C for 6 h. After the incubation period, the cells were harvested by centrifugation at 5000 × g for 10 min and washed three times with PBS. Total RNA was extracted with TRIzol reagent (Invitrogen) and treated with RNase-free DNase (Roche, Mannheim, Germany) in a total volume of 20 µl. Reverse transcription (RT) was performed using the Superscript III First-Strand Synthesis System (Invitrogen) according to the manufacturer's recommendations. The PCR product was purified using a QIAquick PCR Purification Kit (Qiagen, Hilden, Germany). The quality of the RNA was verified by agarose gel electrophoresis and relative mRNA levels were calculated using the 2^-<U+0394><U+0394>CT method.

RNA extraction and RT-PCR
Total RNA was isolated from 10 ml of 0.


## Results
sojae are inversely related to the number of oranges produced by the control (Table 2. A higher number of oranges than the control (n = 6) is indicative of a higher ability to metabolize the compound (Figure 4). A higher number of oranges than the control (n = 4) indicates a higher ability to obtain the compound (Figure 4). A higher number of oranges than the control (n = 7) indicates a higher ability to obtain the compound (Figure 4). A higher number of oranges than the control (n = 5) indicates a higher ability to obtain the compound (Figure 4). A higher number of oranges than the control (n = 3) indicates a higher ability to obtain the compound (Figure 4). A higher number of oranges than the control (n = 2) indicates a higher ability to obtain the compound (Figure 4). A higher number of oranges than the control (n = 1) indicates a higher ability to obtain the compound (Figure 4). A higher number of oranges than the control (n = 1) indicates a higher ability to obtain the compound (Figure 4). A higher number of oranges than the control (n = 2) indicates a higher ability to obtain the compound (Figure 4). A higher number of oranges than the control (n = 1) indicates a higher ability to obtain the compound (Figure 4). A higher number of oranges than the control (n = 2) indicates a higher ability to obtain the compound (Figure 4). A higher number of oranges than the control (n = 1) indicates a higher ability to obtain the compound (Figure 4). A higher number of oranges than the control (n = 2) indicates a higher ability to obtain the compound (Figure 4). A higher number of oranges than the control (n = 1) indicates a higher ability to obtain the compound (Figure 4). A higher number of oranges than the control (n = 2) indicates a higher ability to obtain the compound (Figure 4). A higher number of oranges than the control (n = 1) indicates a higher ability to obtain the compound (Figure 4). A higher number of oranges than the control (n = 2) indicates a higher ability to obtain the compound (Figure 4). A higher number of oranges than the control (n = 1) indicates a higher ability to obtain the compound (Figure 4). A higher number of oranges than the control (n = 1) indicates a higher ability to obtain the compound (Figure 4).


## Discussion
2011. Therefore, we used the general solution of lignin-containing acid-base-containing enzyme from P. lascauxensis to explore the evolutionary evolution of the lignin-containing enzyme from a heterogeneous group of acid-base-containing lignin-containing enzymes. The initial evolutionary pattern of the enzyme in P. lascauxensis was similar to that of P. aculeatus and P. lascauxensis, except that the ligninase was expressed in a very low number of lignin-containing enzymes (4 out of 19 genes) (Table 1). In P. lascauxensis, the ligninase was expressed at a frequency of 0.6%, whereas in P. aculeatus, it was expressed at a frequency of 0.8%, which is in line with the current literature (Zhang et al. 2012).

Ligninase from P. lascauxensis was highly conserved among the species studied. The genes involved in the biosynthesis of lignin were highly divergent among the species. This implies that the ligninase gene in P. lascauxensis underwent diversification within the species. In addition, it was not clear whether the ligninase gene was expressed in a specific LOD2 or whether it was expressed in a LOD2-like manner, which is in agreement with the literature (Zhang et al. 2012). The gene encoding the ligninase gene was present in the genomic region immediately upstream of the ligninase gene. However, the gene encoding the enzyme from P. lascauxensis was not found in the P. aculeatus genome, suggesting that this gene was not included in the initial genomic analysis.

In the present study, we observed that the number of gene copies in the genomic region of P. lascauxensis was significantly reduced when compared to P. aculeatus and P. lascauxensis, suggesting that this gene was not expressed in the gene-poor LOD2-like manner (Fig 3). The ligninase gene from P. lascauxensis was also significantly reduced in the P. aculeatus genome.
