# The Interaction of Human Pathogenic Extracellular Vesicles With Apicomplexan Cells Is Dependent on the Actin Organization for Chitin Synthesis and Carbohydrate Transport Development
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
We report the case of a 78-year-old woman with a history of diabetes presented to our hospital with a six- to eight-month history of gradual cessation of activity of the energy-consuming, 1-month activity lifestyle. She was on continuous diet and regular exercise, with no immune-mediated tumour formation. The symptoms had resolved by the third month and she was on the dose of voriconazole at the first opportunity of its availability. On examination, she presented with abdominal pain, tenderness, and chills for the 3rd, 4th, or 5th week following ingestion. The computed tomography chest showed a dilated inferiori-profrontal mass and large bowel pleura, with diffuse inflammation. A lymph node biopsy revealed a lymph node-like mass in the brain stem, consistent with a tumour of unknown etiology. Immunoblotting of the brain and pleura revealed the tumour was Cryptococcus neoformans. The patient was treated with encapsulated form of C. neoformans and was off on a voriconazole treatment for 3 weeks.


## Introduction
. MacGillivray, M.D. and F.W. Ginn, Ph.D. (D.J. MacGillivray et al., Nature Methods, 2006). However, the complexity of the VITES signaling pathway is still unknown. In addition, it has been shown that, apart from the two initial signaling events, the large secretory vesicles, such as the vesicle-associated proteins, are released by individual cells during the course of infection (Sivick and MacGillivray, Nature Methods, 2006).

The most common function of the extracellular vesicles is to bind the extracellular signal to the extracellular DNA and proteins in a process called extracellular signaling (ECS) (Hogberg and Pretorius, 2008). Extracellular signaling also plays a role in the recruitment and activation of the yeast cell into the cell, which plays a crucial role in the pathogenesis of several infectious diseases (Croll and Pretorius, 2008). The development of yeast cells is tightly regulated by the influence of the extracellular signal on their growth, morphology, and physiology. Thus, the secretory pathway is an important factor for yeast survival in the host environment (Pretorius, 2009). Therefore, the extracellular signal-signaling pathway is involved in the regulation of the yeast cell morphology and physiology.

The effector of the secretory pathway is known to regulate the cytokine pathway (González-Lozano, 2008). In the extracellular signal-signaling pathway, several cytokines, including IL-4, IL-5, IL-13, and IL-13, can induce a variety of phenotypes. These cytokines promote the morphological transition of yeast cells and the formation of thick mycelia, which can be induced by the use of specific cytokines. Furthermore, the secretion of some cytokines, such as IL-10, IL-23, IL-22, and IL-33, are associated with the secretion of other cytokines and chemokines, such as TNF, IL-1RA, and IL-6 (González-Lozano, 2008; Ling et al., 2014).

In this study, the effector of the secretory pathway is presented.


## Methods
 2016. The crude extract (0.5 mL) was incubated with macrophages (1:1) at 37°C and then with the RAW 264.7 cell line at 37°C for 24 h. The experiments were performed in triplicate. The data were analyzed using FlowJo (Treestar software, version 10.3.0).

To investigate the effect of ATCC_UAS_36 on the uptake of anti-Vesiculales monocytogenes, macrophages (1:1) were incubated at 37°C and then with macrophages (1:1) at a ratio of 1:1 for 24 h. Then, the cells were removed from the medium, and the macrophages (1:1) were incubated with the macrophages at a ratio of 1:1 for 1 h. Subsequently, the macrophages (1:1) were washed with PBS and incubated with the ATCC_UAS_36 at a ratio of 1:1 for 1 h. The macrophages (1:1) were then stained with a propidium iodide (PI) solution (Sigma-Aldrich, Germany) in PBS, and the optical density (OD) was measured at 570 nm.

Intracellular lysates of anti-Vesiculales monocytogenes
The presence of the activated vesiculales in the macrophages (1:1) was examined by intracellular lysing. Macrophages (1:1) were incubated with macrophages (1:1) at a ratio of 1:1 for 24 h. Then, the cells were removed from the medium and the macrophages (1:1) were incubated with macrophages (1:1) at a ratio of 1:1 for 1 h. Then, the macrophages (1:1) were washed with PBS and incubated with the macrophages (1:1) at a ratio of 1:1 for 1 h. The macrophages (1:1) were then stained with a propidium iodide (PI) solution (Sigma-Aldrich, Germany) in PBS, and the optical density (OD) was measured at 405 nm.


## Results
neoformans with human cells, we generated extracellular vesicles (EMVs) by using anionic detergents (chitin ester and propidium iodide; Figure 3A) and in the presence of .5 mM FBS and pH 4.5. As shown in Figure 3B, the EVs from the human endosomes produced a stronger binding affinity for the chitin synthase complex (CDH), but a weaker interaction with the human endosomes. As the pH of the extracellular vesicles decreased, the binding affinity was decreased. These results suggested that extracellular vesicles were not required for the interaction of C. neoformans with human cells.

2.2. Comparison of the Activity of Extracellular Vesicles with C. neoformans Vesicles Binding to Human Cells
Since extracellular vesicles bound to human cell membranes, we performed a further analysis to identify the type of vesicle that might bind to the cell surface. Extracellular vesicles were tested for their ability to bind to human cell membranes using an anionic detergent (chitin ester) and a specific binding index (B_A) assay. The results showed that extracellular vesicles bound to human cell membranes were significantly higher than those bound to extracellular vesicles bound to extracellular vesicles or to extracellular vesicles bound to extracellular vesicles or to extracellular vesicles bound to extracellular vesicles.

2.3. Extracellular Vesicles Binding to C. neoformans Cell Membrane and Virulence Factors
The effects of extracellular vesicles on fungal cell membranes were evaluated by using anionic detergents (chitin ester and propidium iodide) and by using an immunofluorescent antibody (IFN-a) to evaluate the effects of extracellular vesicles on the fungal cell membranes and virulence factors. In the absence of C. neoformans, extracellular vesicles bound to C. neoformans and to C. gattii were found to be less effective in killing C. neoformans (Figure 4A). In the presence of 2.5 mM FBS, the binding affinity for C.


## Discussion
(1997) who also reported that human cell surface proteins are involved in the same regulation pathways as extracellular proteins (Krause et a., 1997). This suggests that extracellular Vesicles might be involved in the same regulatory pathways as extracellular proteins. As observed in our study, the basal level of extracellular Vesicles was lower compared to the plasma membrane. Vesicles are a major class of extracellular vesicles, containing cell surface proteins and secreted proteins that are involved in cell wall biogenesis, morphogenesis and membrane fluidity.

The distribution of extracellular Vesicles in the plasma membrane and intracellular vesicles suggest that extracellular Vesicles might be a specialized cell surface receptor for extracellular stimuli. Extracellular Vesicles also mediate signal transduction through their extracellular domains. In mammals, the extracellular motility of vesicles is mediated by a unique extracellular domain (Krause et al., 1997) that is identified in extracellular vesicles of the sera of mice that received a 5-fold increase in extracellular Vesicles after addition of the extracellular vesicles (Dubin, 2006). In the human cell, the extracellular surface protein LysoPS (LysoPS, PIIN2) is secreted by C57BL/6 (human) cells (Stackebrandt et al., 2007). LysoPS was first identified in the human cell and has been reported to play a role in the initiation of the melanin pigment melanin formation in C. elegans (Udayanga et al., 2005). In the sera of mice, LysoPS expression was significantly induced by intracellular vesicles (Krause et al., 1997). As shown in the present study, LysoPS was induced by extracellular vesicles. LysoPS, a serine/threonine protein kinase, is a homologue of the human protein kinase K (kinase) and the major catalytic subunit of the kinase complex, which is involved in the recognition of protein kinases. K. marcinoides, an extracellular vesicle, was reported to mediate the interaction of mammalian and extracellular vesicles (Krause et al., 1997).
