# The Role of Cellular Interactions in Candida Infections
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
We used in vitro and in vivo models of microbial biofilms formed on spirochetes to explore the role of cellular interactions during the development of Candida infectio. We found that the two fungal species formed biofilms in the presence of the same host-relevant antigens. The effects of antigens on Candida biofilms were antagonistic, with large size and polarized growth, but the effects of antigens on fungal biofilms were antagonistic. Biofilm formation was also antagonistic, with larger size and biofilm formation when antigens were produced over the adherent surface of a host-susceptible C. albicans strain. Moreover, antifungal growth factor was antagonistic when produced over the luminal surface of C. glabrata, and on the adherent surface of a C. albicans strain that was resistant to fluconazole, but not to vancomycin. Finally, antifungal action was not dependent on the antigens and was dependent on the interaction between the antigens and the fungus. Our results suggest that Candida infection is mediated by interactions of the host and microbes.

IMPORTANCE The roles of cellular interactions in Candida infections and urokinase proteins in the host’s response to the infection suggests that antifungal drugs should be tested as soon as possible. In this study, we screened a library of compounds that act against the pathogenic fungi Clonoporia trachomatis, Candida albicans, and Cryptococcus neoformans for activity against Candida biofilms and demonstrated that their activity was dependent on C. trachomatis cell size. A library of these compounds with no antifungal activity was also screened in vitro and the compounds were found to inhibit C. trachomatis biofilm formation. In addition, these studies revealed the potential of these compounds to treat human and animal Cl. trachomatis and C. albicans infections.


## Introduction
albicans is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in both immunocompromised and immunocompetent patient. Candida albicans is able to adhere to and invade human skin and mucosal surfaces through distinct mechanisms, which include adhesion to mucous membranes, formation of biofilms, secretion of hydrolases and glycosaminoglycans, and binding to epithelial cells and other immune cells. Among the various adhesions, mucosal infections by Candida albicans can be categorized into: (i) superficial infections, (ii) mucocutaneous infections, (iii) systemic infections, and (iv) systemic dissemination.

According to the United States Food and Drug Administration, oral and systemic candidiasis are two of the most common fungal infections. Candida albicans is the most prevalent species, although the incidence of other Candida species like C. glabrata and C. tropicalis remains relatively high. The frequency of systemic candidiasis varies from country to country and even within the same country. In the United States, the incidence of systemic candidiasis ranges from 2 to 10% of all cases. Furthermore, the number of people who become infected with Candida species increases rapidly, even in countries with a strict quarantine, with more than 20 million people infected worldwide by Candida species [3].

The pathogenicity of Candida albicans is related to its ability to form biofilms, which are structured communities of cells, collectively called biofilms, in a self-filtered cell. Biofilm formation can be detected in vitro by light microscopy, whereas in vivo the formation of biofilms by light microscopy is dependent on the host immune status of the individual. In vitro candidiasis models have been developed by using the mouse model, Galleria mellonella, and models of systemic infection with C. albicans are available for more than 20 years. In contrast, biofilm formation by C. albicans has been characterized only recently using the human model, the murine model. C. albicans biofilm formation is dependent on the host immune status of the host and the growth stage of the microorganism. C. albicans biofilm formation is a complex process that depends on the interaction of the fungus with the epithelial cells of the host.


## Methods
In this study, Candida strains were selected based on previous studies [26], [27] and the interaction between cellular components, namely GFP and chitin synthase, was tested by Western blotting as previously described [27], [28], [29. The affinity of chitin synthase to Candida species was analyzed by immunofluorescence and western blotting. The Candida strains were grown in 5% CO_2 at 25°C for 24 h. The cells were harvested by centrifugation, washed with PBS, and then resuspended in PBS. The percentage of inhibition of cell growth by Candida species in the presence of Chitin synthase was analyzed using the following formula:where I_C_T is the relative inhibitory concentration of Chitin synthase and the relative inhibition (%) is expressed as an arbitrary standard deviation.

3.3. Antimicrobial Activity Assay
A standard test method was used for antimicrobial activity of Chitin synthase (Chitin synthase) according to our previous study [30]. Briefly, the yeast cell suspensions were prepared from a sterile stock solution in DMEM (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA). The cells were cultured in YPD (Difco^TM, Detroit, USA) medium containing 200 µg/mL of L-glutamine, 100 µg/mL of MgSO_4, 10 mM of KH_2PO_4, 10 mM of FeCl_2, 2 mM of Na_2HPO_4, 2 mM of CoCl_2, 1 mM of ZnSO_4, 1 mM of CaCl_2, and 0.1 mM of Na_2MoO_4. The cells were cultured in complete media (Difco^TM, Detroit, USA) containing 0.01% (w/v) L-tryptophan, 0.02% (w/v) YNB, and 1% (w/v) of glucose, and were incubated at 37°C for 24 h. The cells were harvested by centrifugation, washed with PBS, and then resuspended in PBS. The cells were then stained with crystal violet (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA) solution (0.


## Results
albicans may also contain a set of metabolic pathways that are not well define. Candida species are known to express diverse metabolic pathways. A total of 34 metabolic pathways were identified in C. albicans (Figure 1). The most prevalent metabolic pathways were energy, protein, nucleotide and glycan metabolism, carbohydrate and lipid metabolism, and fatty acid metabolism. The most prevalent metabolic pathways are glycerophospholipid metabolism, translation, translation elongation, translation initiation, and carbohydrate-fatty acid metabolism. Although glycolysis, glyoxylate cycle, and glyoxylate cycle are important for C. albicans to cause disease, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) is also essential for C. albicans to cause disease [47]. In addition, C. albicans is known to possess two different gluconeogenesis pathways. The first is a signaling pathway involving phosphoglucomutase 1 (P1), which is thought to be activated by glycolysis [48], and the second is a regulatory pathway involving phosphatidylinositol kinase (PIK) which is activated by PI3K/Akt [49]. The signaling pathway for glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) is also known to be activated by PI3K/Akt [49]. It has been proposed that glyoxylate cycle is essential for growth and pathogenicity of C. albicans [50]. The first pathway for glyoxylate cycle is glyoxylate cycle-related glyoxylate cycle (G3TC) [51]. The second pathway is glyoxylate metabolic pathway (G3CM) [52]. The G3CM pathway is known to be activated by glyoxylate cycle and is regulated by PI3K/Akt [53]. In C. albicans, G3CM pathway is critical for the virulence of C. albicans in patients with advanced candidiasis [54]. There is a G3CM pathway in C. albicans [55]. The most common pathways for glyoxylate cycle and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) are phosphoglucomutase (PGD) and phosphatidylinositol kinase (PIK) [55].


## Discussion
Among the host cells, a variety of immune responses are required to deal with pigmentation and pathogen infectio. Thus, the ability of fungi to alter their phenotypic and cellular phenotypes is important to understand the pathogenic and protective mechanisms of these different microorganisms in the host. In addition to the immune responses that may be activated, macrophages, neutrophils and monocytes are also involved in the pathogenesis of Candida infections [13].

As a consequence, Candida infections have evolved to be a chronic disease. However, a recent study indicated that the incidence of Candida infection in immunocompetent patients is increasing [14]. Our study further confirmed the increasing incidence of Candida infection in our hospital. Candida infection has been observed in association with the use of synthetic fungicides such as ciprofloxacin [15] and fosfomycin [16] in our hospital. It was also found that the incidence of Candida infection in patients treated with ciprofloxacin and fosfomycin was significantly decreased by the addition of ciprofloxacin. The decrease of Candida infection in the patients treated with ciprofloxacin and fosfomycin may be due to the use of the compounds in the treatment of fungal infections.

In addition to the immune responses, the host cell response in the infected tissues is controlled by the expression of some antimicrobial peptides, such as streptomycin, an antibiotic resistant bacterium [17] and peptidoglycan-I [18] which are produced by bacteria and fungi. In addition, the immune cells of the host are activated and depend on the presence of various peptides for the protection against bacterial and fungal infections [19]. The resistance of the host cells to peptide-induced peptides has been linked with the development of several diseases such as aspergillosis and candidiasis [20]. In this regard, the activity of antimicrobial peptides is controlled by their cellular targets including the activation of the MAPK signaling pathway [20]. In this regard, the effect of ciprofloxacin on the host cell is important for the successful treatment of infection with this drug.
