# The Effect of Marine Carbohydrates on Human Health
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
We used a case series of cats with acute onset of meningitis who presented with clinical features of meningitis. We also evaluated the predictive validity of the classic symptoms and signs of meningitis. Clinical features and MRI findings of meningitis were compared to the available evidence.

Eleven cats were referred for investigation. Clinical features were good, with low Glasgow scale, pyramidal scores at 2-3.5, 3-4.5, 5-8.5, and 10-22.5. The mean age of the patients was 47.9 years (SD ± 9.4).


## Introduction
Laurila is the only known marine sponge with a natural phytohormone, methiaisonçaise, and its phytohormone is the action of the oral bactericide, methiaisonçais. In the course of the studies, we studied the effects of the oral bactericidal activity of methiaisonçaise and found that methiaisonçaise had a more potent action than the other phytohormones. For instance, the action of methiaisonçaise against bovine mastitis was much stronger than that of vitamin E. The action of methiaisonçaise against mastitis is probably related to its action against phytohormones, which are synthesized by B-cystein methylation. The results of this study indicated that methiaisonçaise may have a strong action against bovine mastitis, a disease which is not a simple mycosis, but may involve many different cell types and organs such as oral cavity, liver, spleen, and kidneys. This may indicate that methiaisonçaise is a potentially important drug, which can be used as an anti-bacterial, and bactericidal, drug.

The main phytohormone of the methiaisonçaise group is its vitamin E derivative, methiaisonçaise. It contains more than 10% and 10.5% of the total and one-half of the total phenolic content, a concentration equal to the concentration of the drug itself. This is very important because of the side effects of the drug.

P. Laurila has an antagonistic bacterium called leprieurii (Berk. & Broda, unpublished results). Leprieurii is a bacterium that attacks the roots of many mammals, including fish and reptiles, and it is a potential food source for animal and human pathogens. Leprieurii strains are highly virulent and can cause disease in a wide range of mammalian hosts, including humans. The most common Leprieurii strains are strains of Vibrio cholerae, which are responsible for the majority of infections in immunocompromised patients and especially in patients with bovine mastitis. In addition, some Leprieurii strains have been reported to be pathogenic to several other mammals, including the horses, cats, and cows that are naturally infected with Leprieurii strains.


## Methods
Briefly, in order to determine the possible mechanism of the reduction in pH of the human diet, five different marine carbohydrates (3-14 g/L, 2-7 g/L, 4-11 g/L, 10-20 g/L, 20-40 g/L) were used as food sourc. The treatments were incubated at different temperatures for 4 days. The pH of the human diet was measured by measuring the pH meter (Sambrook and Russell, 1978). The results were recorded after 48 h of incubation at 25 °C.

Molecular Manipulation of the Effect of Marine Carbohydrates on Human Health
The effect of marine carbohydrates on human health was analyzed using the method described by Cepaso et al. (2012) and Wang et al. (2015). Briefly, the diet was prepared by autoclaving at 121 °C for 20 min. The total protein was extracted from the samples by the addition of 4% (wt/vol) polypeptone, and then the pH was measured by the addition of 1% (wt/vol) KOH, then the pH meter was set at pH 6.0. The effect of the treatments was investigated by the method described by Cepaso et al. (2012) and Wang et al. (2015). Briefly, after the reduction in the pH of the diet, it was heated at 25 °C for 3 min. Then, the sample was homogenized with a vortex mixer for 10 s and the homogenate was kept in the refrigerator at 25 °C. After homogenization, the samples were centrifuged at 12,000 rpm for 10 min and the supernatant was discarded. The supernatant was stored at -20 °C. The supernatant was centrifuged at 12,000 rpm for 10 min and the pellet was washed twice with distilled water. Then, the pellet was dissolved with 50% (wt/vol) ethanol and the crude protein was extracted by the addition of 4% (wt/vol) isopropanol. Then, the crude protein was diluted to 5 mL with distilled water and the addition of 1% (vol/vol) KH_2PO_4. The separation was carried out at 40 °C for 5 min.


## Results
For the first phase, the use of diesel marine hydrocarbon sources (NP, CO_2, diesel, and propane) was reported at a rate of .1 g L^-1 on 50% (wt/wt) of human blood. In the next phase, the use of petroleum hydrocarbon sources (NP, CO_2, petroleum, and synthetic diesel) was reported at a rate of 2.1 g L^-1 on 50% (wt/wt) of human blood. The use of synthetic diesel marine hydrocarbon sources (nitrogen, sulfate, and phosphoric acid) was reported at a rate of 0.02 g L^-1/100 g of human blood. The results of this study are in accordance with the results of the study of Saldanha et al. [8]. The use of hydrocarbon sources of hydrocarbon and fatty acids was reported to be the most effective treatment in the first phase of this research [18]. For the first phase of the research, the use of petroleum hydrocarbon sources (NP, CO_2, petroleum, and synthetic diesel) was reported at a rate of 2.1 g L^-1 on 50% (wt/wt) of human blood. The use of petroleum hydrocarbon sources (nitrogen, sulfate, and phosphoric acid) was reported to be the most effective treatment in the second phase of this research [18].

The results of the study of Saldanha et al. [8] are in accordance with the results of the study of Saldanha et al. [8] where the use of petroleum hydrocarbon sources was reported at a rate of 0.01 g L^-1/100 g of human blood. The use of petroleum hydrocarbon sources (nitrogen, sulfate, and phosphoric acid) was reported to be the most effective treatment in the third phase of the research.

In the second phase of the research, the use of marine hydrocarbon sources (NP, CO_2, petroleum, and synthetic diesel) was reported at a rate of 1.1 g L^-1 on 50% (wt/wt) of human blood.


## Discussion
The concentrations of antibiotics and antibiotics used for treating bacterial infections have been increased by more than a third since the introduction of antibiotics in the early 1980s [14. The antibiotics used in the treatment of E. coli infections have been shown to be superior in terms of their activity compared to the antibiotics used for the treatment of E. coli and S. aureus infections, which have been reduced by at least 30% [15]. The level of intracellular antibiotics in the body has also been shown to be decreased by about 30% in E. coli and S. aureus infections [14]. The antibiotic and the pathogen(s) used are often antibiotics that are not suitable for the treatment of bacterial infections and are not effective against bacterial infections.

The results of the present study are in accordance with the results of previous studies published in the literature by Valle and coworkers [15,16] who demonstrated that the effects of different types of antibiotics are more important than the same type of antibiotics used [16]. They also showed that the concentration of antibiotics in the body is significantly higher than the concentration in the blood. The administration of antibiotics to the liver is a necessary step for the pathogenesis of bacterial infection.

The results of the present study showed that the concentrations of the antibiotics in the blood were significantly higher than those in the body and also exhibited higher amounts of intracellular antibiotics. In addition, the intracellular antibiotic concentration was significantly higher than the concentrations in the blood. The results indicated that the concentration of antibiotics in the body and the concentrations in the blood could be related to the concentration of the antibiotics.

The results of the present study showed that the concentrations of antibiotics in the body were significantly higher than the concentrations in the blood. The results indicated that the concentration of antibiotics in the body and the concentrations in the blood were related to the concentration of the antibiotics. The results showed that the concentration of antibiotics in the body and the concentrations in the blood were related to the concentration of the antibiotics.

The results of the present study showed that the concentrations of antibiotics in the body and the concentrations in the blood were significantly higher than the concentrations in the blood. The results indicated that the concentration of antibiotics in the body and the concentrations in the blood could be related to the concentration of antibiotics.
