# The Formaldehyde Dehydrogenase in Fusarium Species Is Critical for Recombination and Fungal Fission
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Acanthamoeba and Acanthamoeba keratitis are fungal diseases that are the most common cause of keratitis worldwide, with Acanthamoeba keratitis being the most common opportunistic infection. These diseases affect all three amphibian species, with Acanthamoeba having the most cases followed by Acanthamoeba paranaencephalitis and Acanthamoeba amphibiana the most frequent ones. There is a growing number of studies that show that Acanthamoeba is a cosmopolitan genus that includes many species that have been independently introduced into different amphibian habitats. Among the genera Acanthamoeba, Acanthamoeba graminis, Acanthamoeba polyarthamoeba, Acanthamoeba wydmannii, and Acanthamoeba dridoonii, the latter a member of the family Batrachochytrium, which are closely related to other fungi that live in the environment.


## Introduction
 2002; Hickey et a., 2009; Hickey et al., 2012; Hickey et al., 2015), although the role of the formaldehyde dehydrogenase in the formation of F. graminearum was not clearly established (Hickey et al., 2009). F. graminearum forms a mycelial pore with the conidiophore stalk and conidiophore tip, which are followed by a morphologically similar growing phase (Hibbett et al., 2002; Hickey et al., 2009; Hickey et al., 2012). In the latter stage, the conidiophores migrate through a fissure, which is followed by a morphologically similar division into two sub-modes. The fissure extends from the inner sub-modes into the outer sub-modes, and both sub-modes differentiate by the formation of elongated conidia. The fissure is associated with a complex structure called the mycelium, which is surrounded by a membrane-bound cell wall (Hibbett et al., 2002; Hickey et al., 2012). The fissure is composed of a thick proteinaceous layer of indolic and polysaccharide layers (Fujino and Araki, 2011), which together prevent the diffusion of formaldehyde from the mycelia, thus preventing conidiation and the formation of spores (Berg and Guarum, 2015). The presence of mycelia in the culture medium has been shown to be important in the morphological process of infection. These mycelia are usually dark brown in color, and differentiate into the swollen, thick, and elongated conidia which are small and round. The size of the elongated conidia varies in the cultures of both F. graminearum and F. verticillioides. When the mycelia are present in the presence of mycelia, formation of the mycelium takes place in the presence of the cells of the opposite mating type. The mycelium of F. graminearum is formed in the mycelium of F. graminearum conidia, whereas the conidia of F. graminearum are formed in the mycelium of F. graminearum conidia of opposite mating type. The elongated conidia of F. graminearum are formed in the mycelium of F.


## Methods
The results were obtained by observing the fungus at different time points and the number of spores were counte. The results of the tests were obtained by observing the fungus in different time points, and the number of fungi in each time point was recorded.

Analysis of the Fusarium Identification
The identification of the Fusarium species was done by morphological characterization and by its macroscopic characteristics. The identification of the Fusarium species was carried out by morphological observation, and the morphological characteristics were observed by observation of the spores and the fragments of the hyphae. The identification of the Fusarium species was done by the morphology of the mycelium. The mycelium of the Fusarium species was examined by microscopy. The appearance of the Fusarium species in the specimens of the study were observed by microscopy and the morphology of the spores and fragments of the hyphae were observed by microscopic examination. The identification of the Fusarium species was done by the morphological characteristics of the fungus. The identification of the Fusarium species was done by the morphology of the fungi.

Analytical Methods
The extract of the Fusarium species was prepared according to the method of Roode and Sriram, who were both employed in the Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Faculty of Pharmacy, Andhra Pradesh, respectively. The extract of the Fusarium species was used for the analysis of the different morphological characteristics of Fusarium species. The preparations were prepared according to the method of Roode and Sriram. The preparation was carried out in a laminar flow hood and centrifuged at 4000 rpm for 5 min. The organic phase was collected and dried by the laminar flow hood, and the dry extract was weighed. The dry extract was diluted with distilled water and then diluted with distilled water and used for the analysis of the fungal growth. The samples of the different morphological characteristics of Fusarium species were used for the preparation of the different test tubes.

The morphological characteristics of the Fusarium species were observed by the microscopy. The observation of the fungal growth was done by the light microscopy. The identification of the Fusarium species was carried out by the morphology of the mycelium.


## Results
graminearum, which is involved in fungal pathogenicit. F. graminearum possesses a glycosyl-prolyl cyclase enzyme, which is known to be up-regulated in the presence of glycerol. We hypothesized that F. graminearum could be a source of further glycan degradation, as this enzyme would be responsible for converting the glycosyl group into the dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO) form of FgD. The protein FgDys1 was chosen as a subject of the F. graminearum FGSG_09736.16 gene expression study because it was previously reported to be expressed in E. coli [27]. The FgDys1 was expressed from a promoter in a single copy under the control of the strong promoter (-bp) in the wild-type strain. The G + C content of the wild-type strain was 14.6% (w/v). The FgDys1 gene expression levels were 1.7% (w/v) in the wild-type and 3.9% (w/v) in the <U+0394>FgDys1 mutant. Interestingly, the expression levels of the <U+0394>FgDys1 strain were significantly higher than those in the wild-type strain (Fig 5A). These results suggested that FgDys1 might be a target of glycan degradation. However, the expression levels of the <U+0394>FgDys1 strain were lower than those in the wild-type strain, and the expression levels of the <U+0394>FgDys1 mutant were even lower than those in the wild-type strain. To further characterize the role of FgDys1 in F. graminearum virulence, we also evaluated the virulence of the <U+0394>FgDys1 strain in a murine inhalation model of cryptococcosis. We first compared the virulence of the wild-type strain and the <U+0394>FgDys1 mutant on mouse kidneys after 2 and 4 days post-infection.


## Discussion
The main enzyme of the pathway consists in the sugar-reducing end-product ester-binding protein (SREBP) which is a major enzyme involved in the metabolism of secondary metabolites to produce secondary metabolites [61. In fungi, the SREBP family consists of four members, SreA, SreB, and SreC [62]. The SREB and SREC are present in the same operon as in the plant fungal SREB subfamily, whereas the SREA subfamily is present in the ascomycete species, ascomycete fungi, and basidiomycetes [63]. In the yeast and basidiomycete fungus, SreA, the two SreB subunits are absent, whereas the SreB subunit is present in the ascomycete and basidiomycete fungi. In the basidiomycete fungus, SreB, SreC, and SreD are present in the SREB subunit and in the SREB subunit of the yeast-like fungus, SreG, the SRED subunit is present in the ascomycete and basidiomycete fungi, respectively. In basidiomycete fungi, the SRED subunit is present in all the ascomycete species, but the SREB subunit is absent in the basidiomycete species. In basidiomycete fungi, the SREB subunit is present in the basidiomycete species, but the SREB subunit is absent in the basidiomycete species. This result supports that the species of the Fusarium species are missing the SREB and SREA subunits. It was also reported that the SREB subunit of Candida species has different functions in the fungus [64]. However, it is not known whether the SREB subunits are present in the species of Fusarium and Fusarium species, and whether the SREB subunit is present in the species of the Aspergillus species.
