# The Origin and Function of Innate Immune Defects in Antigen-Presenting Yeast Species
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Microbial communities are key in ecosystem functioning, facilitating plant health, nutrition, pathogen transmission, and economic productivity. Interactions between microbes and plants result in enhanced productivity of food and feed, which benefits crops and consumers. However, interactions between microorganisms and their hosts remain largely understudied.


## Introduction
The genus Ophiostomatoid was established by Eriksson (Eriksson, 1948) and typified by Ophiostoma, O. pyri (Ophiostomatoid), O. phaeoides and O. phaeoideus (Eriksson, 1948). More than 100 species were described in various orders, but only a few species are present in the order Capnodiales. In Capnodiales, the genus Ophiostoma is typified by O. phaeosphaeria, which belongs to the family Ophiostomataceae (Eriksson, 1948). Ophiostomatoid species are important in the family because they are the most important of the members of the family, as well as the main species of the genus (Singer, 1946).

Among the most important genera in the Capnodiales are Ophiostoma and Phaeosphaeria, both species occurring on the same host plant (e.g., C. pyri and O. phaeosphaeria). Phaeosphaeria phaeosphaeria (Phaeosphaeria) is morphologically similar to O. phaeosphaeria and closely related to the type genus O. pyri and O. phaeoides. Phaeosphaeria pyri (also known as O. pyri phaeosphaeria and O.


## Methods
After incubation, the mycelium was collected, washed with cold PBS and frozen at -80 °C until us. The yeast suspension was then centrifuged at 14,000 rpm for 30 min at 4 °C, and the resulting suspension was adjusted to the appropriate density. The yeast suspension containing cell-free culture supernatants was used as the assay media. The purity and integrity of the assay media was checked by spectrophotometry.

To test the effect of known inhibitors of mycotoxin production on yeasts, a set of inhibitors (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA) were tested at different concentrations (0.01-250 µg/mL) by using the inhibitors on cell-free culture supernatants and yeast suspensions. These inhibitors were a mixture of: (1) an anti-C. neoformans-specific inhibitory activity; (2) a synthetic-type inhibitory activity, (3) a house-keeping inhibitor, and (4) a house-keeping inhibitor of C. neoformans. These concentrations (0.01-250 µg/mL) were also used in the assays, in order to reduce the potential effects of the inhibitors on the pathogen.

In order to examine the effect of the compounds on the growth of the microorganism, yeasts were grown on V8 juice agar slants at 25 °C for 48 h. The cell-free culture supernatants were then collected, washed with cold PBS, and frozen at -80 °C until use. The yeasts suspension containing cell-free culture supernatants was used as the assay media. The inhibition of growth of the microorganism was then determined by using the inhibitor on the test media. The MIC of the inhibitor was defined as the lowest concentration showing no visible growth compared to the control, in which the growth of the yeast was tested.

To test the effect of the compounds on the growth of C. albicans, a set of compounds (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA) were tested at different concentrations (0.01-250 µg/mL) on cell-free culture supernatants and yeast suspensions.


## Results
neoformans infection, we examined the development of . neoformans-infected BALB/c mice by immunofluorescence in situ hybridization (IP-I-HIV) and flow cytometry (IP-IC) assays. Antigen-presenting yeast species have been identified by multiple studies (12, 14, 27, 32, 35, 38-40) and our findings are the first to examine the nature and function of innate immune cells in C. neoformans infection. The innate immune system was examined by immunofluorescence using a peritoneal gold plated yeast, a mouse pre-incubated with CFW and a control mouse. Yeast species were detected in the peritoneal cavity of both control and CFW-free mice (Fig 1A). In addition, BALB/c mice were infected with C. neoformans and whole organs were collected from both groups. Flow cytometry analysis of the peritoneal cavity revealed that C. neoformans and CFW-free mice were highly infected (Fig 1B). C. neoformans and CFW-free mice were not infected by Cryptococcus neoformans, but the mice were infected by C. gattii. We next examined the inflammatory response in the lungs of both groups. Both groups of mice had a total CFU count of 67,000, and the numbers of CFU in the lungs of both groups were similar. The inflammatory response in the lungs of both groups of mice was similar to that seen in the peritoneal cavity (Fig 1C). We next examined the expression of key inflammatory cytokines, including TNF-a and IL-1ß, in the lungs of C. neoformans-infected and CFW-free mice. Our results showed that the cytokine levels of TNF-a and IL-1ß in the lungs of CFW-free mice were higher than those in the lungs of C. neoformans-infected mice (Fig 1D). In addition, IL-1ß expression was higher in the lungs of both groups of mice than those in the lungs of C. gattii-infected mice (Fig 1D). The results from both experiments were consistent with the observed differences in immune function in the lungs of C. neoformans-infected and CFW-free mice (Fig 1E).


## Discussion
albicans is more resistant to CRISPR-Cas9 and CRISPR-Cas9-induced apoptosis than . glabrata and C. krusei [15,16,21,26,27]. Thus, the CRISPR-Cas9-induced apoptotic cells of C. albicans are less responsive to CRISPR-Cas9 and CRISPR-Cas9-induced apoptotic cells of C. glabrata and C. krusei. However, in contrast to C. albicans, C. glabrata cells express the same immune response as C. krusei, and CRISPR-Cas9-induced apoptotic cells of C. krusei were less responsive to CRISPR-Cas9 and CRISPR-Cas9-induced apoptotic cells of C. albicans. This is likely due to the fact that C. krusei contains the same number of CRISPR-Cas9-induced apoptotic cells as C. albicans, and CRISPR-Cas9-induced apoptotic cells of C. krusei were less responsive to CRISPR-Cas9 and CRISPR-Cas9-induced apoptotic cells of C. albicans. However, our results showed that CRISPR-Cas9-induced apoptotic cells of C. krusei were less responsive to CRISPR-Cas9 and CRISPR-Cas9-induced apoptotic cells of C. albicans.

In summary, CRISPR-Cas9 induces apoptosis in C. albicans. However, CRISPR-Cas9-induced apoptotic cells of C. krusei were less responsive to CRISPR-Cas9 and CRISPR-Cas9-induced apoptotic cells of C. albicans. This is likely due to the fact that C. krusei contains the same number of CRISPR-Cas9-induced apoptotic cells as C. albicans, and CRISPR-Cas9-induced apoptotic cells of C. krusei were less responsive to CRISPR-Cas9 and CRISPR-Cas9-induced apoptotic cells of C. albicans. CRISPR-Cas9 induces apoptosis in C. albicans.
