# The Origin of Parasitism: Why We Need Natural Selection in Parasites
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
.


## Introduction
Natural selection acting on parasites could be explained by the evolution of selective pressures acting on their own parasite. Natural selection acting on parasites could be explained by the evolution of selective pressures acting on their own parasites. If natural selection was occurring for parasites, it would be important to elucidate how natural selection would act on them. The question is posed as follows: what selective forces would be applied to the parasites to reduce their parasites to parasites? Although natural selection acts on parasites, it would be important to elucidate how natural selection would act on them. It would be more satisfying if natural selection acted on them. If natural selection was occurring for parasites, it would be important to explain how natural selection would act on them.

The assumption of natural selection acting on parasites is a well-established and well-established evolutionary model. It is also a well-established theory, which has been used successfully to investigate the evolutionary dynamics of selection on parasites. The hypothesis that natural selection is not caused by natural selection acting on parasites, would be a very weak argument. The hypothesis that natural selection is not caused by natural selection acting on parasites is a very weak argument.

The number of parasitological species in the Kingdom Fungi is large. But the number of parasites is very small. There are approximately 500,000 members of the kingdom. These parasites are very small compared with the number of fungi. They are very difficult to kill. There are about 500,000 members of the kingdom. There are about 75,000 members of the kingdom. There are about 40,000 members of the kingdom. There are about 250,000 members of the kingdom. There are about 300,000 members of the kingdom. There are about 250,000 members of the kingdom. There are about 300,000 members of the kingdom. There are about 250,000 members of the kingdom. There are about 100,000 members of the kingdom. There are about 250,000 members of the kingdom. There are about 250,000 members of the kingdom. There are about 250,000 members of the kingdom. There are about 500,000 members of the kingdom. There are about 300,000 members of the kingdom. There are about 300,000 members of the kingdom. There are about 300,000 members of the kingdom. There are about 600,000 members of the kingdom. There are about 1,000,000 members of the kingdom.


## Methods
However, we cannot confirm the results of the tests by applying a selection approach to the parasite poo. We therefore have not used a selection approach in the studies by the species of the parasite that we have used to test the mechanism of selection in the parasite pool. For this reason, we have not used a specific methodology in this study. We therefore have applied the same methodology for the studies by other species and the parasite pool in order to determine the main mechanisms of selection in the parasite pool. The results of this study will be published in the next few weeks.

In the results of this study, we found that the parasite pool is significantly different from the pool with different bacterial strains. In our study, we found that the parasite pool has significantly different bacterial strains. Therefore, we have applied a selection approach to the parasite pool by applying a selection approach that is similar to the selection approach, and the results of this study will be published in the next few weeks. We found that the parasite pool has significantly different bacterial strains in our study compared to the pool with different bacterial strains. Therefore, we have used a selection approach to the parasite pool by applying a selection approach that is similar to the selection approach, and the results of this study will be published in the next few weeks.

The results of this study will be published in the next few weeks.

2.1. Phylogenetic Analysis of the Selected Parasite Pool
Based on the results of the literature, we determined the phylogenetic position of the selected fungal strain in the host pool. In the study, we used the complete set of 39 strains (Table 1). The 16 fungi were selected from the 7 strains used to test the mechanism of selection in the host pool, based on their phylogenetic position. We used the same methodology for the selection of the host strains, and the results of this study will be published in the next few weeks. We selected five fungi that were different from the seven to nine strains of the selected fungal strains in order to test the mechanism of selection in the host pool. These selected fungi were chosen for the study, and we used the same method for the selection of the host strains. The results of this study will be published in the next few weeks.

2.1.


## Results
The natural selection model predicts that a parasite of interest will tend to be more highly virulent than the animal pathoge. In the model, the best virulence is observed in the animal pathogen but the animal pathogen has a higher rate of parasitism. The best virulence in the model is consistent with the observation that the animal pathogen is more virulent than the parasite of interest (Fig 3A). The correlation between the animal pathogen and the parasite of interest was positive (r^2 = 0.959), but the correlation with the parasite of interest was not significant (r^2 = 0.855). To test whether there are any differences between the rates of parasitism and the animal pathogen in the natural selection model, we analyzed the data from the human experiment with the parasite of interest (Fig 3B). In the human experiment, the parasite of interest, although the parasite of interest in the human experiment was not significantly different from the parasite of interest in the human experiment, the parasite of interest in the human experiment was significantly different from the parasite of interest in the two-way analysis (Fig 3C). These results suggest that there are no differences between the rates of parasitism and the animal pathogen in the natural selection model.

The parasite of interest is much more virulent than the animal pathogen in the human experiment. However, it is the parasite of interest that is more virulent than the animal pathogen in the human experiment. To test whether there are any differences between the rates of parasitism and the animal pathogen in the natural selection model, we compared the parasite of interest in the human experiment with the parasite of interest in the human experiment. We found that the parasite of interest is much more virulent than the animal pathogen in the human experiment, but the parasite of interest is not significantly different from the parasite of interest in the two-way analysis (Fig 3D). These results suggest that the rate of parasitism is not the only factor that affects the rate of the parasite of interest in the human experiment.

Differential Expression of LAMP Genes in Parasites of Interest
To better understand the relationships between the parasite of interest and the parasite of interest in the human experiment, we conducted a gene expression analysis in the human and parasite of interest experiment.


## Discussion
All parasites that we studied from the Bipolaris and Eubacterium lineages, including the parasite-disease parasite of . digitatum, were found in the same population. However, the natural history of the parasite did not match the group of parasites that we studied in our study. Parasitism was found in the group of Eubacterium lineages that included the parasite of E. cuniculi (CnC/CrCrC/CrD/CrRc/CrP/CrT/CrQ/CrX) and the parasite of P. digitatum (CrP/CrQ). These lineages had an evolutionary history that overlapped the evolutionary history of the parasites we studied. However, the natural history of this parasite does not match the group of parasites that we studied. Parasitoid parasites that survived the extinction event of P. digitatum were found in the group of Eubacterium lineages that included the parasite of P. digitatum. However, the natural history of this parasite does not match the group of parasites that we studied in our study. These parasites that survived the extinction event of P. digitatum were found in the group of P.
