# The Phase Detection of Histoplasma capsulatum Infection in Mice by Mouse Mesenchymal Stem Cells
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract

MS cultured mouse mesenchymal stromal cells (MSCs) in vitro and infected mice with Histoplasma capsulatum 1, 2, 5, 14, and 17 (. capsulatum 19, 23, and 28, respectively). Histoplasma infection was determined by a Galleria mellonella model of the disease. Interleukin (IL)-13, tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-a, and interleukin (IL)-10 were measured by peripheral blood mononuclear cells in all subsites. Mouse subtypes were further divided into three groups. H. capsulatum and H. galleria (H. galleria) were both more susceptible to H. capsulatum infection than H. pneumophila. The susceptibility profiles of H. capsulatum and H. galleria were similar to the phenotypic lines. In vitro experiments were conducted to examine the susceptibility of H. capsulatum to H. galleria infection. The results show that H. capsulatum infection is significantly more frequently and more frequently lethal in mice infected with H. capsulatum than in H. Galleria. Furthermore, this host genotype has a lower fungal burden in lungs and brain, which may be a reason for the lower mortality in lungs caused by H. galleria.

IMPORTANCE The role of the cytokines released by the immune system in the host response to a fungal infection has been studied intensively. However, it is very seldom reported that the cytokines secreted by the host are responsible for the fungal infection. In this article, we report the detailed characterization of the fungal cells and epithelia secreted by H. galleria and their ability to fight off H. galleria infection. The data makes clear that the fungal cells and epithelia are not simply eliminated by bacteria and other fungi, but rather are actively digested by host immune cells and neutralized. This is the first example of a fungal cell and epithelia secreted by a human infection that is killed the host and is neutralized by immune cells. This work lays the foundation for future studies on how to manipulate host immune cells to act on the same side as H. galleria in order to eliminate this infection.


## Introduction
neoforman. The MSCs were then cultured and analyzed using antibody-mediated staining. The data were analyzed using flow cytometry and transmission electron microscopy (TEM) to establish the first case of histoplasmosis in mice. This first case was associated with a local increase in the level of cytokines in the lungs, while a decrease in survival was observed after treatment with the second and third MSCs. This observed decrease in the total number of macrophages and neutrophils was consistent with the depletion of these cells. This decrease was dependent on the presence of apoptotic cells. The second MSC, Staphylococcus aureus, was also found to be associated with the lungs, and it was associated with a decrease in numbers of neutrophils. The third MSC, Propionibacterium acnes, was found to be associated with the lungs, and it was associated with a decrease in the number of neutrophils. Finally, the inhibition of AP-1 expression by phorbol-14-myristate acetate (PA-N-acetyl-2-deoxy-phenyl) acetate (PMA), a soluble substance that is an inhibitor of the MHC class I carbohydrate esterases, was associated with a decrease in numbers of neutrophils and macrophages. All these data suggest that inhibition of CD20 expression by phorbol-14-myristate acetate (PA-N-acetyl-2-deoxy-phenyl) acetate (PMA) is the most commonly used antifungal agent. The major mechanism of action of the PA-N-acetyl-2-deoxy-phenyl drugs is the inhibition of a- and <U+03B3>-secretase, a key enzyme in the glyoxylate cycle and catabolism of carbohydrates. This inhibition results in oxidative damage of the major carbohydrate building enzyme, glucose oxidase, which releases the free sugar, <U+03B3>-glutamyl diacylglycerol (GdnG). This damage is further inhibited by N-acetyl-D-glucopyranosyl (GlcNAc) and GlcNAc oxidases which inhibit the GNA_2 enzyme, which is responsible for the glyoxylate cycle.


## Methods
capsulatum (Sigma-Aldrich, S. Louis, MO, USA) at days -2 and -1 and then infected with 1 × 10^5 CFUs of M. capsulatum at days -3 and -1, respectively. After infection, mice were sacrificed by CO_2 asphyxiation, and the spleen was collected and homogenized in sterile PBS. The homogenate was plated on SDA plates and CFU counts were performed.

Histoplasma capsulatum infection was induced in the femurs and tibiae of female BALB/c mice. Mice were inoculated with 1 × 10^6 CFUs of M. capsulatum (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA) by intranasally instillation of 1 × 10^5 CFUs of M. capsulatum at days -2 and -1, respectively. The inocula were prepared by suspending the spleen in sterile PBS and filtering through a sterile filter paper. The spleen suspension was diluted by a factor of 1 and spread onto SDA plates containing 1 × 10^6 CFUs of M. capsulatum and incubated at 37°C for 3 days. The number of CFU of M. capsulatum was determined by plating serial dilutions on SDA plates. The number of CFU of M. capsulatum in the remaining spleen was considered the number of CFU of the initial inoculum.

2.4. Microscopic Observations
M. capsulatum was observed in the spleens of animals and in the spleen of mice. Mice were observed for different lengths of time from the last day of infection to the first day of infection, and for the last days of infection of the animals. The width of the hair was measured with a ruler at the point of the last wound. The depth of the spleen was measured with a ruler at the point of the last wound and the longest spleen was measured. The angle of the spleen to the last wound was measured. The number of cells per leucine and leucine hemoglobin was determined by counting cells per milliliter on SDA plates at 30 days after infection.

2.5. Statistical Analysis
The statistical analysis was performed with the SPSS 17.0 software.


## Results
The anti-CD68 antibody showed a significant reduction in the number of CFUs in the liver of mice infected with the yeast-infected mice (Fig 3. In contrast, the anti-CD68 antibody did not have any effect on the number of CFUs in the liver of mice infected with the yeasts-infected mice. The anti-CD68 antibody also did not cause a reduction in the number of CFUs in the liver of mice infected with the yeasts-infected mice (Fig 3).

To determine the role of Mucorales in M. migraea infection, the cells were cultured in the presence of an anti-CD68 antibody and then infected with the yeast-infected strain. The control strain (WT) was used to study the cellular response of yeast-infected mice. The cell cultures were incubated with anti-CD68 antibody and then the yeast cells were incubated with anti-Mucorales antibody. The results of Mucorales culture, Mucorales yeasts and the control strain are shown in Fig 4.

In the course of the disease, the WT and the mutant strains were completely cleared of the yeast-infected mice. In contrast, in the course of the disease, the WT and the mutant strains were found to be highly resistant to the infection with M. migraea (Fig 4A). The results showed that the M. migraea yeast-infected mice were highly susceptible to the infection with the Mucorales yeast strain. In contrast, the yeast-infected mice were also highly susceptible to the infection with the Mucorales yeast strain. The M. migraea yeast-infected mice had a significantly lower fungal burden than the WT and the mutant strains (Fig 4B). The fungal burden of the M. migraea yeast-infected mice was also reduced compared to the WT and the mutant strains (Fig 4C).

The importance of Mucorales in M. migraea infection
The role of Mucorales in M.


## Discussion
In our study, we observed that mouse mesenchymal cells were infected with histoplasma in the immunocompetent mic. The histoplasma-infected mice had a significantly decreased inflammatory response in the lungs and spleens. We speculate that the histoplasma infection in mice infected with mice mesenchymal cells, which is induced by histamine peptidase, could also be induced by the histamine pathway in humans.

In our previous studies, the histoplasma-infected mice exhibited a significant increase in the levels of cytokines and chemokines, which was consistent with previous reports [15, 17, 18, 23, 24]. These cytokines were also increased in the lungs of infected mice, which were in agreement with the results from previous studies [17, 19, 24].

However, the magnitude of the cytokines increased in the lungs of mice infected with mouse mesenchymal cells. This suggests that the inflammatory response in the lungs was significantly induced by the histoplasma infection. However, it was not clear whether the inflammatory response in the lungs of mice infected with mice mesenchymal cells was induced by histamine peptidase or other pathways. We speculate that the inflammatory response in the lungs of mice infected with mice mesenchymal cells could be induced by the histamine peptidase pathway in humans.

The production of IL-12p70 in the lungs of mice infected with histoplasma was decreased by 6.2-fold, which was consistent with the results from other studies [17, 19]. In this study, we demonstrated that IL-12p70 is induced in the lungs of mice infected with mouse mesenchymal cells. This cytokine was also significantly increased in the lungs of infected mice, which were in agreement with the results from previous studies [17, 19]. However, the IL-12p70 level was decreased in the lungs of infected mice in the immunocompetent mice. This indicated that the inflammatory response in the lungs of mice infected with mice mesenchymal cells could be induced by the histamine peptidase pathway in humans. The results from this study indicated that IL-12p70 is not secreted in the lungs of infected mice.
