# The Unfolded Protein Response GTPase Is Required
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
We have analyzed the presence of two genes in the IsD3/Yeast2 genome of an isogenic Saccharomyces cerevisiae mutant lacking the master transcriptional regulator InS. We identified the isogenic mutant as null, which lacks the response to hypoxia, and a new genome assembly as well as the EPSC1/GlyZ domain protein genes that are absent in the null mutant. In silico analysis of gene expression showed that hypoxia-induced production of the isoform in the mutant cells is suppressed by the addition of 60 mg of L-arginine, and elevated levels of D-aspartyl phosphate, which is known to be involved in the hypoxia-induced transcriptional regulation, was observed. We further demonstrated that the accumulation of the hypoxia-induced protein was due to the hyperosmotic shock in the mutants that were defective in the hypoxia-induced transcriptional regulation. This hyperosmotic shock is similar to the hyperosmotic-induced regulation seen in the null mutants in the Saccharomyces cerevisiae model of hypoxic P. bracteum, a pathogenic P. bracteum blight disease that was largely prevented in mice. The hyperosmotic phenotype in the mutants that were defective in hypoxia transport and transport was consistent with the hyperosmotic-induced regulation of the EPSC1/GlyZ domain. The hyperosmotic-induced protein accumulation in the mutant cells was not due to a reduction in the production of virulence factors such as Mpk1/2 and Pls1/3, but rather to a reduction in the expression of many virulence-associated molecular patterns, including a putative virulence transcription factor, two virulence transcription factors, and a putative virulence genes. The results of our investigation suggest that the hypoxia-induced protein accumulation in the mutants deficient in the hypoxic transport and transport pathway is due to the hyperosmotic stress imposed by hypoxic transport and transport in the Saccharomyces cerevisiae and yeast cells.

IMPORTANCE While the discovery of novel antifungal targets has been made during the last decade, the complex mechanisms involved in their efficacy and safety are still being unraveled.


## Introduction
The protein kinase is a family of kinases that regulates the activation of downstream proteins [7, 8. It plays an important role in the protein trafficking from the ER and Golgi to the cell membrane and the ER and Golgi- Golgi transduction, and it participates in the signal transduction of several cell wall proteins, including the unfolded protein response (UPR) and cell wall integrity (CPI) proteins [9-12].

The UPR is a complex protein that is activated by many factors, including transcription factors, adenylate cyclase, phospholipase, protein kinase A, and N- and O-glycans. The UPR is a dynamic and selective protein-protein interaction and it is essential for the effective activation of the UPR and cell wall proteins. In fungi, UPR activation occurs by different mechanisms. These mechanisms are orchestrated by transcription factors, which regulate UPR kinases by means of downstream signaling pathways [13]. The transcription factor Upc2 (hereafter referred to as the canonical UPR kinase) is a member of the Upc2 family of UPR components. Upc2 binds to the regulatory domain of the NrDNA and activates the UPR [14]. In the ER, Upc2 is activated by the UPR through the catalytic region of the NrDNA homolog Atr4 (hereafter referred to as the canonical UPR kinase) [15]. In the Golgi, Upc2 mediates protein-protein interactions and is involved in cell wall remodeling and cell growth [16-18]. Upc2 is a member of the UPR kinases that is critical for the ER-Golgi signaling pathway [19].

UPR signaling cascades are essential for the regulation of many cell signaling events, including cell growth, cell differentiation, apoptosis, and immune responses [20]. The UPR is activated by a large variety of stimuli, including temperature, carbon source, and nutrient availability. In eukaryotes, UPR signaling cascades can be activated by a wide variety of stimuli, including environmental stresses, nutrient availability, and nutrient starvation [21, 22]. In fungi, Upc2 mediates such signaling via a diverse set of signaling events that include the response to stress, mating, and virulence [23].


## Methods
rubrum protein as previously described (27. Briefly, the unblots were performed using the PAST method (28) with the following parameters: 2 steps (i) data collection and 2 consecutive nucleotide repeats (i.e., 0.0607 nucleotides in length) for each target. 2 × 2 steps were carried out for all positive hits. (ii) repeat number and strand assignment (i.e., the number of consecutive nucleotide repeats within a target) was enabled. (iii) 0.5, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 nucleotides in length were used as input data for the un-blots. (iv) Repeat number and strand assignment (i.e., the number of consecutive nucleotide repeats within a target) was enabled. (v) 0.5, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8 nucleotides in length were used as input data for the un-blots. The data were analyzed in SPSS 19.0 (IBM, Chicago, IL, USA) and analyzed using the statistical analysis module in R (version 3.3.1).

To determine the T. rubrum protein kinase (Tkp) kinase activity, Tkp kinase activity in the presence of the allylamino acids [9] was analyzed using a 7-amino-4-nucleotide Tkp kinase inhibitor cocktail (Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA). The assay mixture consisted of 25 mM Hepes-KOH, 25 mM HEPES, and 2 mM phenylmethylsulfonyl fluoride (PMSF, Sigma-Aldrich, St. Louis, MO, USA) in 100 mM Tris-HCl buffer (pH 7.8), pH 7.0, and incubated at 37 °C for 1 h. The inhibitor was added to the assay solution in a volume of 100 µl. The inhibitor solution was mixed with a 20-µl aliquot of the reaction mixture and allowed to stand at room temperature for 2 min. After the incubation period, the reaction was terminated by adding an equal volume of H_2O, which was the inhibitor solution.


## Results
sclerotiorum FK50. The FKBP12 FK506-binding domain was activated when FK506 was dissolved in 0.5% (v/v) MgSO_4, an acidic solution (Fig 3A). In the absence of S. sclerotiorum FK506, a significant amount of the FKBP12 FK506-binding domain was activated (Fig 3B). This activation could be due to the absence of the FKBP12 FK506-binding domain, which is not activated by the FKBP12 FK506-binding domain. Moreover, the FKBP12 FK506-binding domain was not activated by the FKBP12 FK506-binding domain (Fig 3C). We further investigated the FKBP12 FK506-binding domain in the presence of S. sclerotiorum FK506. The FKBP12 FK506-binding domain was activated when S. sclerotiorum FK506 was dissolved in 0.5% (v/v) MgSO_4, an acidic solution (Fig 3D). The FKBP12 FK506-binding domain was activated by the FKBP12 FK506-binding domain (Fig 3D). The FKBP12 FK506-binding domain was not activated by the FKBP12 FK506-binding domain (Fig 3D). Therefore, it appears that the FKBP12 FK506-binding domain is required for the FKBP12 FK506-binding activity of FKBP12 FK506.

3.4. Response of FKBP12 FK506-binding Domain to Natural Flavors
The FKBP12 FK506-binding domain was activated by the FKBP12 FK506-binding domain, which is not activated by FKBP12 FK506-binding domain (Fig 4A). In the presence of S. sclerotiorum FK506, a significant amount of the FKBP12 FK506-binding domain was activated (Fig 4A).


## Discussion
They are also essential for the development of the immune system (Meyer and Howlett, 1996), and they are involved in the regulation of cell proliferation and differentiation (Yassin et a., 2005). The Unfolded Protein Response GTPase is also involved in the regulation of cell proliferation and differentiation (Hogan et al., 1998). The UNRPS1 and UNRPS2 proteins are required for the cellular localization of Unfolded Protein Response GTPase and are critical for the translation of Unfolded Protein Response GTPase (UNRPS1) to the cytosol (Golubev et al., 2005). The Unfolded Protein Response GTPase is also involved in the regulation of cellular proliferation and differentiation (Hogan et al., 1998). The Unfolded Protein Response GTPase (UNRPS1) is also involved in the regulation of the cell proliferation and differentiation (Yassin et al., 2005). The Unfolded Protein Response GTPase (UNRPS2) is involved in the regulation of cell proliferation and differentiation (Hogan et al., 1998). The Unfolded Protein Response GTPase (UNRPS3) is involved in the regulation of cell proliferation and differentiation (Hogan et al., 1998). The Unfolded Protein Response GTPase (UNRPS4) is involved in the regulation of the cell proliferation and differentiation (Hogan et al., 1998).

The Unfolded Protein Response GTPase (UNRPS4) is involved in the regulation of the cell proliferation and differentiation (Hogan et al., 1998). The Unfolded Protein Response GTPase (UNRPS5) is involved in the regulation of the cell proliferation and differentiation (Hogan et al., 1998). The Unfolded Protein Response GTPase (UNRPS5) is involved in the regulation of the cell proliferation and differentiation (Hogan et al., 1998).

The Unfolded Protein Response GTPase (UNRPS6) is involved in the regulation of the cell proliferation and differentiation (Hogan et al., 1998). The Unfolded Protein Response GTPase (UNRPS6) is involved in the regulation of the cell proliferation and differentiation (Hogan et al., 1998).
