# Toward a Novel Autophagy Modulator Involved in Vegetative Growth and Virulence - Implications for Vegetative Pathogens
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The surface of Candida glabrata is enveloped by an extracellular matrix consisting of a polysaccharide capsule, an alanine and a succinylation racemase, and a glycosylation-fused polysaccharide skeleton. These properties make C. glabrata a tough and versatile commensal microorganism. One of its most striking characteristics is its ability to thrive in a wide range of environmental conditions. In this study, we show that C. glabrata is able to grow and survive in a variety of physiological and pathological conditions. It was found that the stress imposed on C. glabrata was in the form of a direct (i.e.) oxidative stress, which was followed by (coming from inside out) of the consequences by) starvation. In addition, a glycogen (i.e.) was accumulated in the cells during the oxidative stress, and this glycogen was also recognized by the host immune response. Moreover, we show that the C. glabrata heat stress is a key step during the growth phase, as it limits the exposure of the C. glabrata to the host's immune system. These results provide a framework for future genetic approaches to investigate the stress response and the immune response involved in the regulation of the fungal growth and survival.

The surface of Candida glabrata is often enveloped by an extracellular matrix consisting of a polysaccharide capsule, an alanine and a succinylation racemase, and a glycosylation-fused polysaccharide skeleton. These properties make C. glabrata an interesting commensal microorganism; it can live in most of the environmental niches of the host, and tolerate a wide range of environmental stresses, including (in some cases, food-stamp-dependent conditions), it causes a glycogen accumulation in the cells. This carbohydrate is recognized by most immune cells and its biosynthesis is dependent on the presence of a glycogen-containing matrix, which makes it an interesting target for genetic approaches to manipulate the immunity involved in the host response.


## Introduction
Edited by Chaudhary and Srivastava, D.D.M., Solaiman and Narain, 2018. DOI: 10.1016/j.devav.2018.09.01.006.

Abstract

A very interesting paper describes the synthesis of an autophagy-related protein, whose secretion involves a typical membrane-bound form of autophagy. The authors also show that the autophagic membrane contains proteins with novel functions. However, the authors exclude the possibility of autophagic incorporation of proteins from other organisms. The authors also use a classic phenomenon in biotrophic fungi to illustrate the significance of autophagy. In this case, the authors use the yeast species Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Cryptococcus neoformans as examples. In contrast to these authors, the authors use the yeast pathogen A. fumigatus as a model. However, the authors exclude the possibility of autophagy in this case. In fact, the authors suggest that the protein synthesized by the fungus might be involved in autophagic functions.

The authors present a plausible explanation for their conclusion. They conclude with a conclusion that, although the autophagy pathway may involve the autophagic pathway, the autophagy pathway is not essential for vegetative growth. They conclude with a conclusion that, even in the presence of autophagy, the autophagy pathway can be activated by the availability of nutrients and a requirement for ubiquitin. Finally, they conclude by concluding that the autophagy pathway can be targeted by antibiotics to induce autophagy. This conclusion is supported by the fact that the autophagy-mediated immune response of the infected animal results in the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines, such as IL-6, TNF, and NO. This raises the possibility of antifungal drug therapy, which could be used to treat fungal infections. However, the authors conclude with an argument that, while the autophagy pathway may be targeted by antibiotics, it might not be involved in the induction of autophagy.

In addition, it is interesting that the authors use the term “cytokine” in their title, which is incorrect. Cytokines are known to be involved in the activation of autophagy.


## Methods
cerevisiae strain QM85 was used for the genome-wide comparison between the genome-wide genome data from . cerevisiae and the published genome-wide data from S. cerevisiae. To test for the presence of gene variants, a number of different gene variants were analyzed. To find conserved motifs in the conserved regions, we used a genome-wide, whole genome analysis (WG) approach [44]. The genomes of S. cerevisiae were downloaded from GenBank. There were no motifs found in the genomes of S. cerevisiae.

Gene Ontology enrichment analysis
To identify gene ontology changes between S. cerevisiae and S. paradoxus, we used a protein kinase (PKC) and chaperonin receptor (CH) enrichment analysis. The PKC and CH genes are expressed by both fungi, and their expression level is considered to be the same. We used the PKC and CH genes as a comparison to identify the kinase gene (K_1) and chaperonin receptor (CH_1) transcription factors, respectively, and found that the kinase genes were enriched in the PKC and CH genes compared to the S. cerevisiae genes, S. paradoxus, and S. cinerea. The Ch_1 transcription factor was found to be enriched in the PKC and CH genes compared to the S. cinerea genes. The Ch_1 transcription factor was also enriched in the PKC and CH genes compared to the S. cinerea genes, S. cinerea, and S. paradoxus.

Chaperonin receptor (CH_1) and chaperonin receptor (CH_2) transcription factors were enriched in the PKC and CH genes compared to the S. cerevisiae genes, S. cerevisiae, and S. cinerea. Chaperonin receptor (CH_2) and chaperonin receptor (CH_1) transcription factor was also enriched in the PKC and CH genes compared to the S. cerevisiae genes, S. cerevisiae, and S. cinerea. Chaperonin receptor (CH_2) and chaperonin receptor (CH_1) transcription factor were also enriched in the PKC and CH genes compared to the S. cerevisiae genes, S. cerevisiae, and S. cinerea.


## Results
(2011) reported that the translocation of cyto-motility genes encoding vacuolar motility proteins (motility-associated protein 2) was a significant pathogenicity factor in plant-pathogenic fung. Motility proteins were implicated in the pathogenicity of pathogens (Barbera-Bishop et al., 2010). The finding that the translocation of cyto-motility genes, which is one of the key elements in the cell cycle, could have a role in virulence of plants is intriguing. The translocation of cyto-motility proteins in plants is thought to be the primary cause of disease caused by various fungi (Lopez-Lopez et al., 2011). The finding that the translocation of cyto-motility proteins in plants may contribute to the virulence of certain fungi suggests that the transporters may be important for the establishment of plant-pathogenic pathogens. The transporters were suggested to play a role in the development of pathogenicity (Lu et al., 2012). A study by Peres et al. (2014) showed that the translocation of cyto-motility proteins in the germ tube might be a result of the transition of the plant cell to the hyphal form. The translocation of cyto-motility proteins has been shown to play a role in hyphal growth and virulence in fungi (Lu et al., 2012). In this study, the translocation of cyto-motility proteins in the germ tube might be a result of the transition of the plant cell to the hyphal form.

Among the predicted proteins are the protease inhibitor HapX (Protein Kinase Inhibitor), a tyrosine kinase (TktK), and the glycopeptidase inhibitor I,6-tetra-phosphate (PtIP). The above mentioned proteins may be involved in the transport of proteins into the cytoplasm, or in the production of the toxin. In this study, the transporters are involved in the transport of proteins into the cytoplasm, which is suggested to be the reason for the absence of the translocation of cyto-motility proteins in the germ tube.

To investigate whether the translocation of cyto-motility proteins could contribute to the virulence of certain fungi, we tested the virulence of various wheat pathogenic strains in terms of the virulence factor production.


## Discussion
fumigatu. We identified proteins that are involved in various processes including autophagy and nutrient acquisition, and those proteins are potentially involved in A. fumigatus virulence and virulence in both human and plant-associated fungi (Figure 6). We also identified a novel autophagy-related protein in Fusarium graminearum, FgApt2 (10), which plays a critical role in virulence in a fungal pathogen that requires A. fumigatus for its survival. Importantly, this protein has also been shown to be associated with virulence in A. fumigatus in an experimental murine infection model [21]. The significant overlap in these proteins suggests that FgApt2 is a novel autophagy-related protein that is not associated with virulence in A. fumigatus.

We also found a novel autophagy-related protein, FgApt3 (1), which is not present in Fusarium graminearum but is present in A. fumigatus in two different amino acid changes. This protein is a novel autophagy-related protein and it is predicted to play a key role in regulating the autophagy pathway in A. fumigatus. However, we found no evidence for a role for FgApt3 in virulence in A. fumigatus (Figure 7). FgApt3 has not been found in A. fumigatus, and we therefore speculate that this protein is likely to be a novel autophagy-related protein that is not associated with virulence in A. fumigatus.

We also identified a novel protein, CgYap1 (3), that was previously only found in Fusarium graminearum and only in Fusarium graminearum but not in A. fumigatus. This protein has been associated with virulence in a murine infection model in the C. elegans model [20]. Importantly, CgYap1 is a novel autophagy-related protein that has been found in both Fusarium graminearum and A. fumigatus. We hypothesized that this protein might be associated with virulence in A. fumigatus.
