# Tracing the Genetic Origin of the Cucurbitate Pathogen Fusarium fujikuroi
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The conserved protein kinase A (PKAß) and the MAP kinase A (MAPKAß) pathway are essential for growth and autophagy in A. fumigatus. However, the specificity of PKAß activation by the MAPKKK family of enzymes has not been determined. Here, we report the identification of Pkaß homolog S2 as a member of the PKAß kinase subfamily. The pkaß protein is essential for growth and autophagy in A. fumigatus.


## Introduction
The genus Erythrogloeum has been traditionally known from the Southern Hemisphere for its crustose-smut fungus, Pneumocystis jirovecii. This species has been reported from a variety of substrata including soil, plants, water, and sometimes also the air [1]. The fungus is a slow-growing, saprophytic fungus, which can survive in dry environments and in air conditioned environments [2]. It produces conidia, sclerotia, and conidiophores that are borne in chains that are elongated in the culture. The sclerotia are borne in chains and elongated at the end of the chains. The chains are 10-12 µm in diameter and are formed by a swollen cell of conidia, and then elongated spines that are borne out from the spines. There are several morphological differences between the conidiophore and the sclerotia. The sclerotia are dark brown, globose, and have a germ tube with a swollen end that bears two chains of conidiophores. The sclerotia are thick-walled, with the conidiophore having short chains that extend from its base and extend from the outer layer of the germ tube [3].


## Methods
The Fusarium Genome Database is a fast and comprehensive resource for the phylogenetic analysis of fungal clades of diverse host. This resource provides diverse fungal species from diverse host genera and hosts (e.g., Fusarium gattii, Fusarium verticillioides, Fusarium lusitaniae, Fusarium oxysporum, Fusarium oxysporum, Fusarium oximmas, Fusarium glabrata, Fusarium oximmas, Fusarium sydowii, Fusarium verticillioides, Fusarium caribbica, Fusarium verticillioides, Fusarium oximmas, and Fusarium oximmas in general) and a diverse group of other fungal species from diverse hosts.

Analyses were performed using a combination of NCBI blast (version b7.1.1) and the software NCBI Conserved Sequence Database (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/ntd/). The data for each type of fungi were downloaded from the NCBI Sequence Read Archive (www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/sra/) and were deposited in the BioProject database (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/bioproject/PRJNA273563). In the phylogenetic analysis, the nucleotide sequences of the retrieved fungi were aligned using the software Clustal X 2.0 (http://www.ebi.ac.uk/Tools/msa/clustal2/) and the software MrModeltest 2.3 (http://www.megasun.org/). The alignments were automatically corrected by a B-Tov substitution model (GTR+I+G). For the phylogenetic analysis, the alignments were generated in MEGA 7 (Tamura et al., 2016) and MEGA 6.0 (Kumar et al., 2015). In the Bayesian analysis, the evolutionary distances were calculated using the software MrBayes 3.2.1 (Ronquist and Huelsenbeck, 2001).


## Results
fujikuroi and . fujikuroi-specific strains across subphyla, we re-sampled the C. neoformans genome sequence from the Fusarium fujikuroi background, as well as from strains of F. graminearum, the most closely related F. graminearum and the most closely related F. verticillioides (Fig 1A). Our results showed that the two F. fujikuroi strains isolated from F. verticillioides were geographically distributed throughout the region and were grouped into two groups (Fig 1A). We also used the original strain of the F. verticillioides isolate FVE1 from New Zealand to re-sampled the genome sequence from the F. fujikuroi isolate FVE2 from Australia. Our results showed that both strains were geographically distributed throughout the region (Fig 1A). However, the number of strains isolated from each group was higher in the Australian group (Fig 1A).

The relationship of F. fujikuroi strains isolated from the Australian and New Zealand groups was well-defined and well-supported (Fig 1B). The most recent genome sequence of F. fujikuroi strains was only available in the European and American populations (Fig S1), whereas the FVE1 and FVE2 genomes were identical in both subphyla and a few strains isolated from the Indian subgroup (Fig 1B). Our data showed that the number of strains isolated from the Indian subgroup was higher in the FVE1 subphylum (Fig 1B). However, the FVE2 subphylum showed a similar trend. The FVE2 subphylum is considered to be a monophyletic group (Fig 1B) and the FVE1 subphylum was found to be the most basal subphylum in the FVE2 subphylum. In addition, the two FVE1 strains isolated from the Indian subgroup had identical numbers of nucleotide differences. These data showed that FVE2 and FVE1 were monophyletic groups and the FVE2 strains were geographically distributed throughout the subphylum FVE2 (Fig 1B).

The C. neoformans genome contains many putative transposable elements
Our analysis of the F.


## Discussion
-1.6 Mb, contains high numbers of transposable elements (TRs) and many unknown genome-wide genes (NCGs) [27]. These data suggest that Fusarium has undergone a gene duplication event in the Cucurbitate Pathogen Fusarium lineage. In the Fusarium clade, some of the genes involved in cell wall biosynthesis are diverged from those involved in the fungal pathogenicity and virulence. The Fusarium fumigatus genome contains genes encoding for seven putative protein kinases (PKSs), two glucokinase (GSK1) and one arginine biosynthetic pathway (MAPK1) [28]. Of the seven putative MAPKs, three are involved in cell wall biosynthesis. The Fusarium core genome encodes for 8,381 genes and includes genes encoding for putative signaling components and the G-protein domain. In the Fusarium cluster, a large number of genes encoding putative cell wall and cell membrane proteins were found, which could be involved in the fungal pathogenicity and virulence of Fusarium.

The Fusarium core genome encodes for 5,021 genes and contains genes encoding for two putative GTPases and one alpha-glucosidase. The Fusarium core genome encodes for 1,757 genes and contains genes encoding for GTPases and alpha-glucosidases. The Fusarium core genome encodes for 1,183 genes and contains genes encoding for two putative alpha-glucosidases (AgG_02667 and AfG_02668). The Fusarium core genome encodes for 1,032 genes and contains genes encoding for three putative GTPases. The Fusarium core genome encodes for 1,031 genes and contains genes encoding for three putative GTPases.

The Fusarium core genome encodes for 1,022 genes and contains genes encoding for two putative GTPases (AgG_03368 and AfG_03369) and one beta-glucosidase (AgG_03369A).
