# Transcriptome Analysis Identifies Mast Cells from Humanized Hepatocytes Contributes to Immunologic Response and Inflammation
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Tuberculosis is a major infectious disease that continues to represent an important cause of morbidity and mortality in the developing world. The two- to threefold increase in the incidence of tuberculosis in the last two decades have prompted researchers to question the adequacy of traditional diagnostic methods and the utility of molecular typing for the elucidation of the molecular basis of the infectious agent’s biology, development of molecular diagnostic protocols, and the evaluation of molecular typing results. This review summarizes the current status of tuberculosis diagnostic research and discusses recent advances in the study of molecular diagnostic methods and the utility of molecular typing for the diagnostic of this disease. At the same time as updating our knowledge of molecular diagnostic methods, we also highlight recent advances in the study of the molecular basis of susceptibility to tuberculosis and provide a practical example of how a microbial strain can be used to test their diagnostic value.


## Introduction
Infections caused by fungi are an increasing problem in hospitals worldwide. The incidence of fungal infections is on the rise, reaching two to three times higher than in the 1950s and 1970s. In 2009, the number of deaths associated with invasive fungal infections (IFIs) was 1.3 million, with more than 900,000 deaths in the United States and Germany [1]. Infections caused by Candida and Aspergillus spp. are the most common fungal infections in hospitalized patients, occurring predominantly in patients with high-risk of serious adverse drug reactions (such as HIV, cancer, and organ transplant patients) [2]. Candida spp. are among the most common fungal pathogens in hospitalized patients, occurring in more than 70% of these patients [3]. In addition, C. albicans is responsible for most cases of candidiasis, with C. glabrata accounting for less than 5% of all cases of candidemia [4]. C. glabrata and C. tropicalis are the most common species, with C. albicans accounting for less than 10% of all cases of candidiasis and C. tropicalis accounting for 5% to 10% of cases of infection. Of the three pathogenic species, C. glabrata is the most common species in the United States [5], [6]. The advent of antifungal drug development in the last 20 years has resulted in the development of an array of new antifungal agents including azoles and echinocandins [7]. However, the impact of the antifungal agents used is increasing and there are fewer and fewer effective drugs [8]. In fact, fungi are found in many types of medical and agricultural settings, and have a low pathogenic impact on humans [9]. In this context, there is a need for new antifungal agents, which are effective against the pathogenic fungi and are less likely to develop resistance [10], [11].


## Methods
The cell types used were human breast cancer cell lines A/J (ATCC CCL-185), A/A/F (ATCC TIB-67), and a human embryonic kidney carcinoma cell line expressing human erythrocytes (HE-I-Cy7. A total of 10^6 cells in a single tube were inoculated into 10 ml of RPMI-1640 medium with 50 mg/ml lipopolysaccharide (LPS) (Sigma-Aldrich). After incubation, the cells were cultured in a 96-well plate at 37°C for 24 h. After centrifugation (800×g for 5 min), the medium was aspirated and the cells were lysed with 1% Triton X-100 in 0.1 M sodium phosphate buffer (pH 7.5). The lysates were stored at -20°C until use. A total of 10^6 cells were counted, and a concentration of 10^6 cells/ml was used to infect a lung of an A/J cell line expressing HE-I-Cy7. The cells were cultured at 37°C with 5% CO_2. After incubation, the cells were infected with 10 µg/ml of a p-nitrophenyl-L-DOPA solution (Sigma-Aldrich) and incubated for 24 h at 37°C. The cells were pelleted, washed, and resuspended in RPMI-1640 medium, at 10^6/ml, and used to infect a human lung cell line expressing HE-I-Cy7. The cells were cultured at 37°C with 5% CO_2. The cells were pelleted, washed, and resuspended in RPMI-1640 medium, at 10^6/ml, and used to infect a human lung cell line expressing HE-I-Cy7.

The method described in the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) is frequently used to identify the type of mast cells that contribute to humanized and nonhumanized cells in vitro.


## Results
The mast cell is a highly specialized cellular organelle composed of a diverse range of cell type. In this study, we have identified the mast cell as a key cell type in the immune response of humanized murine macrophages during immunologic response. Furthermore, we have identified the mast cell as a major cell type responsible for the inflammatory response during immunologic response.

We first performed a detailed bioinformatics analysis using publicly available MS and RNA-seq data. Because the structure of the mast cell is not well characterized, we used RNA-seq data as a proxy for the mature expression of the mature genes in the culture supernatant. The gene expression levels of the mature mast cell genes are presented in Table 1. In all cases, we identified a significant increase in the expression of both the mature (mCAV1) and mature (mCAV2) genes in the culture supernatant from the 3-h-old murine model of infection. However, a significant decrease in the expression of both the mature (mCAV1) and mature (mCAV2) genes was observed in the culture supernatant from the 5-h-old murine model of infection, whereas the expression levels of the mature (mCAV1) and mature (mCAV2) genes were unchanged in the 5-h-old murine model of infection. These findings suggest that the different cell types in the murine mast cell are involved in the expression of the two mature proteins in this model of infection.

The Expression of MHC Class II and MHC Class III Genes in M. erynamiis and M. disertum Is Associated with the Expression of MHC Class II and MHC Class III Genes in M. erynamiis M. disertum

We next determined the expression levels of MHC class II and MHC class III genes during the induction of M. erynamiis and M. disertum by RNA-seq. MHC class II and MHC class III genes were highly expressed in the M. disertum culture supernatant during the 3-h-old murine model of infection (Table 2).


## Discussion
For example, Giordani et a. reported that MHC class II in human lymphocytes was required for the development of C. neoformans-induced CXCR4^+ T cell activation [33]. The effector CD4^+ T cells from AIDS-related Hematopoietic System patients also had CD4^+ T cell expansion [34]. However, more studies have been performed on human CD4^+ T cells and their contribution to immune responses in various hematopoietic system diseases [33,35]. In addition to MHC class II, CD4^+ T cell differentiation is also critical for the initiation and progression of MHC class II-induced IL-8 release from activated macrophages [36]. Thus, our data showed that the CD4^+ T cells from AIDS-related Hematopoietic System patients also had CD4^+ T cell expansion in the periphery and periphery and peripheral CD4^+ T cells were found in the plasma membrane of CD4^+ T cell-deficient mice. Moreover, CD4^+ T cell expansion and CD4^+ T cell loss were observed in CD4^+ T cell-deficient mice compared to CD4^+ T cells from healthy controls and mice lacking CD4^+ T cells [33]. The results of this study showed that CD4^+ T cell expansion and CD4^+ T cell loss was not associated with CD4^+ T cell expansion. However, CD4^+ T cell expansion and CD4^+ T cell loss was associated with the expression of CD16R on CD4^+ T cells. CD16R plays an important role in the differentiation of CD4^+ T cell into CD16^+ T cells [37]. CD16R plays an important role in the differentiation of CD4^+ T cells into CD16^+ T cells by inducing CD4^+ T cell proliferation and depletion of CD16R [37]. In the present study, we demonstrated that CD16R expression was significantly increased in CD4^+ T cells from AIDS-related Hematopoietic System patients compared to CD4^+ T cells from healthy controls.
