# Transcriptome analysis of extracellular vesicles released by Bacillus amyloliquefaciens on sucrose-induced stasis condition and methane-induced condition
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The utilization of novel antibiotics has stimulated significant interest among the scientific community because of their potent antimicrobial and healing properties. Staphylococcus aureus (S. aureus) is the major causative pathogen of community-acquired pneumonia and is the most frequently isolated species of bacteria. S. aureus has also recently been identified as a novel source of novel antibiotics with high bioactivities. Antimicrobial peptides (AMPs) have become increasingly used as alternative drugs to treat bacterial infections and as therapeutic alternatives to conventional drugs. The search for novel antibiotics against S. aureus has stimulated considerable research because of the rapid development of antimicrobial drug resistance and the necessity of employing alternative therapeutics. This review provides an up-to-date review system of the antimicrobial and healing properties of S. aureus.

S. aureus as a novel source of new antibiotics against bacteria. The antibacterial and antifungal activity of S. aureus was investigated and characterized. A double mutant library and comparison between the two is presented. The results also revealed the peptide-peptide binding interaction between S. aureus and arginine, a carbohydrate found in S. aureus, could mediate the action of antibiotics against S. aureus. Furthermore, the structure-activity relationship of the peptide-peptide interaction showed that the two peptides interacted with S. aureus, causing a rapid decrease in the gene copy number of peripline 1 (PF01) of SRE-1 in S. aureus.

IMPORTANCE The utilization of novel antibiotics has stimulated significant interest among the scientific community because of their potent antimicrobial and healing properties. Staphylococcus aureus (S. aureus) has also recently been identified as a novel source of novel antibiotics with high bioactivities.


## Introduction
The term “spora” was coined by R. Constantinos (Rcon) Constantinos to describe a group of fungi (sexual and asexual) that inhabitate the rhizosphere of the fruit surface of many citrus fruits [1]. They are a primary and dominant group in the European citrus fruit production [2]. In the USA, European citrus fruit production is estimated to be worth $17.7 billion in 2017 [3].


## Methods
The fungal growth was measured after 3 days, and the data were analyzed by the analysis of variance (ANOVA) followed by Tukey’s multiple comparisons tes. The data were analyzed with GraphPad Prism v5.0.

To study the effects of the Bacillus amyloliquefaciens-mediated, methane-induced stasis on the content of cytoplasmic vesicles, we compared the abundance of the cytoplasmic vesicles by flow cytometry using the FACS software (Becton Dickinson, San Jose, CA). The data were analyzed using FlowJo v.7.5.1 (TreeStar, Ashland, OR) and the counts were performed using FlowJo v.7.5.1.

To study the effects of the Bacillus amyloliquefaciens-mediated, methane-induced stasis on the content of extracellular vesicles by Bacillus ephomyces, we analyzed the content of cytoplasmic vesicles by flow cytometry using the FACS software (Becton Dickinson, San Jose, CA). The data were analyzed using FlowJo v.7.5.1.

To examine the effect of the Bacillus amyloliquefaciens-mediated, methane-induced stasis on the intracellular vesicle-associated vesicles, we analyzed the content of cytoplasmic vesicles by flow cytometry using the FACS software (Becton Dickinson, San Jose, CA). The data were analyzed using FlowJo v.7.5.1.

For the analysis of the effect of the Bacillus amyloliquefaciens-mediated, methane-induced stasis on the extracellular vesicle-associated vesicles by Bacillus ephomyces, we compared the content of extracellular vesicles by flow cytometry with the levels of extracellular vesicles by Bacillus ephomyces. The data were analyzed using FlowJo v.7.5.1.


## Results
In total, 89 transcripts were detected in total (Additional file 1: Table S1) and 132 transcripts were detected in total and 132 transcripts were detected in total and 134 transcripts were detected in total (Additional file 1: Table S2. In the sucrose-induced condition, we found that 87 transcripts were upregulated and 79 transcripts were downregulated in the three different stages of the sucrose starvation experiment. In addition, we found that transcript abundance was significantly decreased in the sucrose-induced condition (Additional file 1: Table S3). We also observed that transcripts from the five stages of the sucrose starvation experiment were significantly higher in the three different carbon starvation conditions (Additional file 1: Table S4). We next analyzed the expression of transcripts related to amino acid metabolism, amino acid transporters, and transporters related to nitrogen metabolism in the three carbon starvation conditions (Additional file 1: Table S5). In total, we found that transcripts related to amino acid metabolism, amino acid transporters, and transporters related to nitrogen metabolism were significantly downregulated in the three carbon starvation conditions, with the transcripts from the three stages of the sucrose starvation experiment significantly upregulated in the sucrose-induced carbon starvation condition (Additional file 1: Table S6). Furthermore, transcripts from the three stages of the sucrose starvation experiment were significantly upregulated in the three carbon starvation conditions (Additional file 1: Table S7). These data suggest that carbon starvation affects the expression of enzymes associated with amino acid metabolism, amino acid transporters, and transporters related to nitrogen metabolism in the extracellular vesicles.

To further investigate the regulation of enzymes involved in amino acid metabolism and amino acid transporters in the extracellular vesicles, we also analyzed the expression of transcripts related to nucleotide metabolism, nucleotide transporters, nucleoside transporters, and nucleoside transporters in the extracellular vesicles from different carbon starvation conditions (Additional file 1: Table S8). In total, we found that the expression of transcripts related to nucleotide metabolism, nucleotide transporters, nucleoside transporters, and nucleoside transporters was significantly upregulated in the three carbon starvation conditions (Additional file 1: Table S8).


## Discussion
Further analysis of extracellular vesicles released by Bacillus amyloliquefaciens on glucose-induced stasis condition showed that the extracellular vesicles were also more abundant in glucose-induced condition than in methane-induced conditio. This indicates that the extracellular vesicles were more abundant in sucrose-induced condition than in methane-induced condition. This result indicates that the extracellular vesicles may be more abundant in sucrose-induced condition than in methane-induced condition. The ability of a mature bacterial cell to release extracellular vesicles has been described previously [26,27]. In addition, the release of extracellular vesicles is important for the functioning of the extracellular matrix, which is involved in the morphological and physiological responses to a wide range of microorganisms [28]. The fact that extracellular vesicles are present in the extracellular matrix of Bacillus amyloliquefaciens in glucose-induced stasis condition may reflect that extracellular vesicles are produced in response to glucose-induced stasis. However, the extracellular vesicles may be more abundant in sucrose-induced condition than in methane-induced condition.

The extracellular vesicles are highly abundant in sucrose-induced condition, but the extracellular vesicles were also abundant in sucrose-induced condition. This result indicates that the extracellular vesicles may be more abundant in sucrose-induced condition than in methane-induced condition. The extracellular vesicles may be more abundant in sucrose-induced condition than in methane-induced condition. The extracellular vesicles may be more abundant in sucrose-induced condition than in methane-induced condition. The extracellular vesicles are more abundant in sucrose-induced condition than in methane-induced condition. Extracellular vesicles are more abundant in sucrose-induced condition than in methane-induced condition. This indicates that the extracellular vesicles are produced in response to glucose-induced stasis condition. The extracellular vesicles are more abundant in sucrose-induced condition than in methane-induced condition.

The extracellular vesicles may be more abundant in sucrose-induced condition than in methane-induced condition.
