# Transcriptomic analysis of Urechis unicinctus for emerging rheumatoid arthritis
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Carbonic anhydrase (CA) plays an important role in the formation and evolution of life. In this study, we characterized a gene family of 39 carbonic anhydrolases (CA) in the oleaginous yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae. A comparative transcriptome analysis of the parental and <U+0394>cA5 strains from S. cerevisiae revealed that 39 of 39 CA genes were differentially expressed in response to different carbon sources. In contrast, the <U+0394>cA5 strain showed a complete repression of the biological response in response to glucose and arabinose. The expression levels of 23 of 40 genes were also differentially expressed in response to glucose and arabinose. These results demonstrate that the carbon metabolism pathway in S. cerevisiae is complex and probably evolved in response to a variety of stimuli.


## Introduction
The rapid development of resistance to antifungal agents can be observed in several fungal pathogens, including Candida, Cryptococcus, and Aspergillus species [1], [2]. C. neoformans and C. gattii are globally distributed and most frequently affect immunocompromised patients, especially those with AIDS [3], [4]. The most common antifungal agents used to treat fungal infections include amphotericin B, flucytosine, and azoles, and the echinocandins, micafungin, and anidulafungin [5]. The echinocandins, the first-line antifungal agents, are effective against Candida and Aspergillus species, but they have limited effectiveness against C. neoformans and C. gattii [6]. Echinocandins are associated with significant drug-drug interactions, and the echinocandins are the first-line antifungal agents against C. neoformans and C. gattii. Amphotericin B, the second-line drug, is a lipid-based drug and has a higher bioavailability than amphotericin B [7]. Echinocandins have decreased toxicity, as well as no known side-effects, and are less drug-drug-resistant [8].


## Methods
Urechisunicinctus cells were then harvested by centrifugation (10,000 g for 10 min at 4 °C), washed twice with sterile phosphate-buffered saline (PBS) and resuspended in .9% (w/v) sodium bicarbonate, pH 7.2, to obtain cell-free medium. Culture supernatant was aspirated and centrifuged at 14,000 g for 15 min at 4 °C to separate cells from the supernatant. The supernatant was then concentrated to 1 mL using a syringe, and then stored at -20 °C until use. For RNA isolation, the culture was diluted 1:10 (w/v) in PBS and disrupted by glass beads with a cell scraper (Bruker Daltonik GmbH, Germany) using a BeadBug (Bruker Daltonik GmbH, Germany). RNA was extracted from RNA preparations using TRIzol reagent (Invitrogen, USA) according to the manufacturer's instructions. After total RNA purification, the samples were treated with RNase-free DNase (Ambion, USA) and subsequently subjected to agarose gel electrophoresis (ABI Prism 3130xl DNA Sequencer, Applied Biosystems, USA). For the RNA-seq analysis, total RNA from Rheumatoid Arthritis treated samples were used to synthesize cDNA with oligo-dT primer (Clontech, USA). The cDNA sequences were then used to perform paired-end sequencing on a Roche 454 Titanium sequencer (Roche, Germany) and analysed with the BigDye terminator kit (Applied Biosystems, USA).

Sequence data analysis
The RNA sequences were deposited in the Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) database (accession number: GSE1267). The RNA sequences obtained in this study were aligned with sequences available in NCBI GenBank and the sequences were aligned with the BLAST algorithm (http://blast.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/Blast.cgi). The sequences were then analysed with the CLUSTALW program (http://www.ebi.ac.


## Results
To confirm that the diploid genome of Urechis unicinctus contains a newly sequenced, diploid copy of chromosome 12, we used a gene-optimized program called EMVX [23. This program was used to evaluate the predicted Urechisunicus gene in the urease/mannose mutase (URE) mutant strain of Urechisunicus, urease/mannose-inducible mannosyltransferase (UIRMT)) [24]. The urease/mannose-inducible UIRMT mutant showed a high level of pathogenicity compared to the wild type (WT) Urechisunicus (Fig 1a, b). We found that the urease/mannose mutase strain had a reduced pathogenicity compared to the wild type and the urease/mannose-inducible UIRMT (Fig 1c, d). The URE mutant strain was also significantly less virulent than the wild type in the mouse model of systemic candidiasis. In addition, the urease/mannose mutase strain was also significantly less virulent in the mouse model of systemic candidiasis (Fig 1e). The urease/mannose mutase strain was also more virulent in the mouse model of systemic candidiasis than the wild type (Fig 1e). These results indicate that Urechisunicus has an important role in pathogenicity and development in humans.

The Urechisunicus-specific RNA-Seq Genome Project Identifies the Genes That Are Required for Pathogenicity and Development in Humans
To identify novel virulence factors that are required for pathogenicity and development in humans, we constructed strains of Urechisunicus and a gene-optimized reporter strain. These strains were selected based on their ability to produce white-opaque pigments and the virulence phenotype of the urease/mannose mutase (UIRMT) mutant strain of Urechisunicus. The gene-optimized reporter strain was used to test the virulence of the urease/mannose mutase strain in a mouse model of systemic candidiasis.


## Discussion
unicinctu. This reduction may be related to the slower growth of RIP compared to S. unicinctus.

The vast majority of the tetracycline-responsive genes are in the RNA-seq pathway, and were found to be involved in the regulation of lysine metabolism in eukaryotic cells (Fig 6). This is consistent with the fact that many tetracycline-responsive genes were found in the transcriptomic data (Fig 6) and were also found to be involved in lysine biosynthesis (Table S4). The expression levels of tetracycline-responsive genes were significantly higher in RIP compared to S. unicinctus (Table S4). This is in agreement with the fact that RIP had a higher transcriptomic profile in RIP compared to S. unicinctus. It is possible that RIP had a higher transcriptomic profile in RIP compared to S. unicinctus because RIP has been shown to have higher transcriptomic profiles in RIP compared to S. unicinctus (Table S4). This may be because RIP has been found to have an enhanced proteolytic activity compared to S. unicinctus (Table S4) (15, 16).

The induction of c-myc and C-myc, a key regulator of a-myc, is significantly decreased in RIP compared to S. unicinctus (Table S4). The expression of these genes is significantly increased in RIP compared to S. unicinctus (Table S4). This suggests that RIP might be activated by a high level of c-myc to induce RIP in RIP compared to S. unicinctus. However, the transcriptional level of c-myc was decreased in RIP compared to S. unicinctus (Table S4). This is consistent with the fact that c-myc is involved in the transcription of several genes in the RIP pathway, including lysine biosynthesis.

The expression of many genes involved in the degradation of tetracycline was significantly increased in RIP compared to S. unicinctus (Table S4). This is in agreement with the fact that RIP has been found to have higher transcriptomic profile in RIP compared to S. unicinctus (Table S4). This may be because RIP has been found to have an enhanced proteolytic activity compared to S.
