# Trichoderma reesei meiosis generates segmentally mismatched skeletal and bony skeletal genomes in Cryptococcus neoformans
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The diversity of fungi is currently the focus of two major epidemics of new infections, fungi-which cause new infections in humans and fungi-which cause new infections in plants, animals and plants-hasn't even been statistically assessed before. In an attempt to gather information about the behaviour of the species involved in new infections, we performed a meta-analysis of data collected from the four major databases of the World Health Organization (WHO), using a random sampling of population-level data from the European Organization for the Research and Treatment of Cancer (OERTCC) and the Pacific Biosciences Institute (PBSI). The analysis included all the 95,328,128 records from 2008 to 2018 and calculated the mean annual change in the mean internal variation of 0.4%. The resulting meta-analysis revealed that the difference between the mean internal variation of 0.4% and the mean external variation of 0.4% was significant at the quartal, quarty, interquartile and micro-quadruplex levels. This suggests that the rate of new infections in humans and fungi has accelerated in some countries in Eastern and Central America, particularly Brazil. The probability of using antifungal drugs in the therapy of invasive fungal infection has improved significantly over the last decade. We also found a correlation between the occurrence of fungal infection and the presence of a positive likelihood ratio (OR) for both fungus-specific and fungal-specific pathogen interaction observed in vitro.


## Introduction
neoformans with the bovine ancesto. Recently, a group of researchers from the US, Japan and Australia proposed the prototypic example of a fungal genome duplication that can result from a duplication of a single chromosome. The genes that split off the duplicated chromosome were located in the 5’ end of the duplicated chromosome and were named as fkbA, fkbB and fkbC. Because these genes are conserved across all fungi, their potential relevance is still largely unexplored.

Cryptococcus neoformans also has two known euploid chromosomes. The euploid chromosome, FK506-binding protein (FKB1), contains a tetrameric protein (Tmp) and two histidine residues. In contrast to the other euploid chromosomes, however, Cryptococcus neoformans has two known tetrameric proteins. These two proteins are found at the C-terminal region and form a larger portion of the CUG-binding fragment (CUG-BP) in the euploid chromosome. The CUG-BP fragment contains a number of histidine residues that are highly conserved and present a structural motif of two serine residues. Unlike other euploid euploids, the fkbA and fkbB genes were not found in the fkbA and fkbB genes in the euploid chromosome. The fkbA and fkbB genes are functionally equivalent but share the histidine residue that form the CUG-BP fragment.

A number of methods have been developed to identify the genes encoding FKB1 and FKB2 in Cryptococcus. The most widely used methods involve multi-locus sequence typing (MLST). The most commonly used methods rely on the complementation of two genomes, including the FKB2 and FKB1 genomes. The FKB1 and FKB1 genomes are of similar sizes and encode approximately 15% of the CUG-BP genome (Kurtzman et al. 2009). In contrast, the FKB1 and FKB2 genomes have approximately 10% and 15% of the CUG-BP genome, respectively (Kurtzman et al. 2009). Although several studies have examined the FKB1 and FKB1 genomes, little is known about the FKB1 and FKB2 genomes.


## Methods
reesei; the difference in the sequence coverage between the two species is significantly highe. Therefore, we have selected two new, non-metric multilocus phylogenetic trees derived from the Rfam database and built a phylogenetic tree using MEGA7. The phylogenetic tree was submitted to the MEGA website under the accession number MG006866 (http://www.megasoftware.net/).

Phylogenetic trees were generated using the neighbor-joining method as implemented in MEGA7. Phylogenetic trees were generated using the maximum likelihood method (ML) method as implemented in MEGA7.

Gene Expression Analysis
The Gene Expression Analysis kit (Applied Biosystems, Foster City, CA, USA) was used to analyze the expression of genes in B. reesei and Cryptococcus neoformans. The C. gattii strain SC5314 (ATCC 90028) was used as the outgroup. Expression of the genes was analyzed using the FACS LDA software (BD Biosciences, San Jose, CA, USA). The total RNA was extracted using the RNeasy plant mini kit (Qiagen, Germantown, MD, USA) and treated with DNase (Qiagen, Germantown, MD, USA). The quality and quantity of RNA were analyzed on a NanoDrop 2000 spectrophotometer (Thermo Fisher Scientific, Waltham, MA, USA). The RNA was treated with DNase (Qiagen, Germantown, MD, USA) and treated with RNase-free DNase (Qiagen, Germantown, MD, USA). The RNA integrity was evaluated on a Bioanalyzer 2100 system (Agilent Technologies, Santa Clara, CA, USA) using an Agilent 2100 Bioanalyzer (Agilent Technologies, Santa Clara, CA, USA). The RNA concentration was measured using a NanoDrop ND-1000 spectrophotometer (Thermo Fisher Scientific, Waltham, MA, USA). The RNA content was expressed as a percentage of the total RNA. The RNA concentration was normalized to the amount of RNA that was used for the quantification. The RNA integrity was evaluated on a Bioanalyzer 2100 system (Agilent Technologies, Santa Clara, CA, USA) using an Agilent 2100 Bioanalyzer (Agilent Technologies, Santa Clara, CA, USA).


## Results
neoformans

We next analyzed the chromosomal structure of the . neoformans and C. gattii genotypes. The C. gattii genetic locus was also used to map the diploid and diploid progenitor populations. The diploid progenitor population (in which all three chromosomes were duplicated in the four meiotic events) is predicted to have six chromosomes (Table S1) and three haplotypes (Table S2). The diploid progenitor population has six chromosomes and three haplotypes (Table S3). The diploid progenitor population has six chromosomes and three haplotypes (Table S4). The two haplotypes are shared between the two diploid progenitor populations (Table S5). Interestingly, the haplotype shared between the two diploid progenitor populations is the most similar to the haplotype shared between the two diploid progenitor populations (Table S6).

To identify homologs of the alleles that are shared between the two diploid progenitor populations, we analyzed the frequency of allelic variants within the three haplotypes of the diploid progenitor population, as well as among the four haplotypes of the diploid progenitor population, by testing the frequency of four alleles in each haplotype. We found that there are 13 polymorphic sites in the four haplotypes of the diploid progenitor population, with 10 polymorphic sites in the two haplotypes of the diploid progenitor population, and four polymorphic sites in the two haplotypes of the diploid progenitor population. The frequency of these polymorphic sites in the two haplotypes of the diploid progenitor population is higher than that in the diploid progenitor population, but the difference is not statistically significant (P-value = 0.5).

In order to identify polymorphic sites in the three haplotypes of the diploid progenitor population, we performed a reciprocal BLAST search against the whole genome sequences of C. neoformans and C. gattii. The number of polymorphic sites was found to be greater in the diploid progenitor population than in the diploid progenitor population, which is consistent with the frequency of the polymorphic sites (Figure 2).


## Discussion
The B-cell subsets of many eukaryotes are composed of the BAPT family and BAPT2, which are both conserved in vertebrates.
