# Uniparental Mitochondrial DNA Inheritance in Human Pathogenic Fungi Is Distinct from Other Ancestors
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
A 2-year-old spayed domestic shorthair cat from the UK was observed by several dogs and by veterinarians at a distance from several human homes due to its unwell health history and difficulty walking speed. On examination by histopathology, it was found to be hypertrophic as judged by the presence of leukocyte predominance and hyphal growth, but with a hyphal defect only in the distal part of the cat's left hind foot. Histopathology showed a wide distribution with numerous yeast colonies and yeast-like organisms in various degrees. Pseudorobotryomycosis was diagnosed with catatonic signs, and the cat was diagnosed with it owing to its hypertrophic nature.


## Introduction
The first line of mitochondrial inheritance begins with the Tn-ATPase, which is evolutionarily conserved in humans and other animal. The Tn-ATPase acts in tandem with the Mitochondrial Intermediate Renaming (MnR) protein (MnR1) in order to identify the specific mitochondrial sub-families (i.e., the mitochondrial ancestor, Mitochondrial Intermediate G + I sub-families, and mitochondrial intermediate G + II sub-families) through the sequence of inherited mitochondrial sub-families (Ile1, LysR, LysR2, and LysR3). Mitochondrial intermediate G + I sub-families are followed by the Tn-ATPase, which catalyzes the subtelomeric cleavage of the mitochondrial intermediate sub-families, leading to the formation of the extant mitochondrial intermediate genotypes [13]. Tn-ATPase sub-families are defined by the presence of a mitochondrial intermediate homologous to the one present in humans. Humans contain eight Tn-ATPase sub-families, which are also found in other eukaryotes. The mitochondrial ancestor of humans is encoded by the Tn-ATPase sub-family and the mammalian mitochondrial ancestor is encoded by the Tn-complex and the mammalian mitochondrial ancestor is encoded by the Tn-complex. The presence of Tn-ATPase in humans is independent of their presence in other eukaryotes.

Mitochondrial intermediate G + I sub-families are derived from the common ancestor of plants, animals, and protozoa [14]. Humans contain eight mitochondrial intermediate genotypes, and humans contain three. Humans contain two Tn-complex sub-families, TnH and TnD, and TnH and TnD sub-families are derived from the common ancestor of animals and plants, respectively. Humans contain one Tn complex sub-family, TnE and one Tn complex sub-family, and animals and protozoans contain only one Tn complex sub-family. The presence of the Tn-complex sub-family in humans is independent of their presence in other eukaryotes. Humans contain four Tn-complex sub-families, which are present in other eukaryotes. The Tn-complex sub-family is located at the neck of the Tn-complex sub-family.


## Methods
We used the gene model of the Neighbor-Joining (NJ) tree with the parameter values of the GTR+I model and a partitioned partitioned likelihood ratio test (PLG) with bootstrap values =90% [34. A multivariate analysis of variance (MANOVA) was performed to evaluate the significance of the relationship between ancestry and genotype. The factors with a P-value <0.05 were considered as statistically significant.

Detection of Genetic Diversity of Genetic Variants between the S. sclerotiorum and S. cerevisiae
To detect the genetic diversity of the S. sclerotiorum and S. cerevisiae species, we used the neighbor-joining (NJ) tree and the CLUSTAL W package [35]. The NJ tree was rooted with the species tree, which was rooted with the tree of life, and the CLUSTAL W package was rooted with the species tree, which was rooted with the tree of life. The NJ tree was rooted with the tree of life, and the CLUSTAL W package was rooted with the tree of life. The two species trees were combined, and the NJ tree was rooted with the species tree, and the CLUSTAL W package was rooted with the tree of life. The NJ tree was rooted with the species tree, and the CLUSTAL W package was rooted with the tree of life. The tree was rooted with the species tree, and the CLUSTAL W package was rooted with the tree of life. The NJ tree was rooted with the species tree, and the CLUSTAL W package was rooted with the tree of life.

Diversity analysis was carried out using the QIIME software (v1.8.0) [36], and the two species trees were combined. The clusters were identified by rarefaction. The nucleotide sequences from each cluster were aligned and the phylogenetic trees were constructed using the MEGA software [37].

Estimation of Genetic Diversity of the S. sclerotiorum and S. cerevisiae Genetic Variants
The total number of genetic variants (GSVs) between the S. sclerotiorum and S. cerevisiae species trees was determined using the Neighbor-Joining method (NJ) and the ProtTest v2.3 program. The genotype-based cluster generation algorithm was used to estimate the genetic diversity of the S.


## Results
elegans, . albicans and C. neoformans is limited to a single copy, in contrast to the mtDNA of the pathogenic fungus Aspergillus fumigatus, which has a maximum of eight copies [26]. We assessed the mitochondrial mtDNA of all four fungi using two markers, the mitochondrial marker fludioxonil and the mitochondrial marker rhodamine 123 (Fig 1A). The mitochondrial marker fludioxonil was used for the analysis of mtDNA in the three fungi and in the four fungi analyzed. As shown in Fig 1B, fludioxonil is the most prevalent marker in the mtDNA of the pathogenic fungus, followed by rhodamine 123, which is a marker specific for the pathogenic fungi. However, in the two fungi analyzed, the mitochondrial marker rhodamine 123 is only present in the two fungi analyzed. These results suggest that mtDNA of C. elegans and C. neoformans are likely inherited from the common ancestor of these fungi.

We next analyzed the mtDNA of C. elegans and C. neoformans using markers specific for the two fungi analyzed. We used markers specific for the four fungi and the four fungi analyzed. As shown in Fig 1C, fludioxonil was the most prevalent marker in the mtDNA of the pathogenic fungus, followed by rhodamine 123, which is a marker specific for the pathogenic fungus. However, in the two fungi analyzed, the mitochondrial marker fludioxonil was present in the three fungi analyzed, and the two fungi analyzed, and the mtDNA of C. elegans was the only marker specific for the four fungi analyzed. In the two fungi analyzed, the mitochondrial marker rhodamine 123 was present in both fungi, but in the four fungi analyzed, it was present in the three fungi analyzed, and the mtDNA of C. elegans was the only marker specific for the four fungi analyzed.

Taken together, our results suggest that the mtDNA of C. elegans and C. neoformans have common ancestry with the mtDNA of the pathogenic fungus, and we conclude that the two fungi share a common ancestor.

2.4. Mitochondrial DNA Inheritance in C. elegans and C.


## Discussion
elegans (and its relatives) have been the subject of several studies, only a few of them have focused on the inheritance of mitochondrial DNA in fung. The most well-known of these studies was performed by Seaton et al. [24] with the goal of identifying putative mitochondrial DNA in C. elegans. In this study, we used an approach involving the analysis of mitochondrial DNA by indirect PCR-DGGE analysis to investigate the ancestral distribution of the C. elegans mitochondrial DNA.

Our approach, based on indirect PCR-DGGE and PCR-Molecular-DNA hybridization (PC-MI-NVI-FISH), identified a homozygous pair of the mitochondrial gene encoding the mitochondrial protein coding for the mitochondrial ribonucleotide-terminal alpha-tubulin gene in the C. elegans genome. However, the mitochondrial gene sequence did not include a signal peptide (Stg1p) for ribonucleotide-terminal alpha-tubulin gene. This suggests that the ancestral sequence of the mitochondrial ribonucleotide-terminal alpha-tubulin gene in C. elegans might be different from that in other eukaryotes. In contrast, the mitochondrial gene sequence in the orthologous species of S. cerevisiae (S. cerevisiae) is known to be highly homozygous and the ancestral sequence is highly conserved (residues K95 and S98 in C. elegans) [50].

Our study revealed that the mitochondrial DNA in C. elegans is highly homozygous, i.e. it has a signal peptide for the ribonucleotide-terminal alpha-tubulin gene in the C. elegans genome. The signal peptide might be one of the most conserved amino acids in the mitochondrial ribonucleotide-terminal alpha-tubulin gene in C. elegans. However, we did not observe any signal peptide (Stg1p) in the C. elegans genome. Therefore, we can hypothesize that the signal peptide might be either one of the two signals or both. The ancestral signal peptide might have been present in the mitochondrial genome and the signal peptide might have been present in the ancestral genome. However, the signal peptide might be present in the ancestor, while the signal peptide was lost during evolution. This is an evolutionary scenario that has been proposed by other researchers. In a previous study, the C.
