# Unraveling Melanin Biosynthesis and Pathogenicity Genes for Antifungal Drug Development in Fungi
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Two new species, A. brevispora sp. nov. on Fagusaucycospisis and on the same host in Colosseum, and one new record, A. pseudoviridum on Microsporum acutum and on Quercus ilex, are described and illustrated from Brazil. Four clades are proposed for the A. pseudoviridum, and one new record is placed in the new taxa. Epitype specimens of the two new species are basavian, and all accepted as new species, except A. pseudoviridum on Microsporum acutum, and Microsporum salicis, which is proposed as new species.


## Introduction
Many of these proteins have been characterized as cell wall members and secreted proteins (.g., N-fungi) [1]. The ability of some fungi to modulate these secreted proteins is mediated by secretory proteins or enzymes that are secreted during cell growth or development. These proteins include cell wall proteins and secreted lipases, as well as secreted proteins, such as enzymes involved in gluconeogenesis, gluconeogenesis, cell wall synthesis, and cell wall biogenesis [2]. Some of these enzymes may be secreted via metabolic pathways, such as endosomal signaling pathways, endocytosis, and other secretory pathways [2].

In fungi, some of the most well-studied secreted proteins are the cell wall proteins (cWP), such as the Phe-cell wall proteins (PPw), phe-PPs, and phe-PPs. The proteolytic activity of these proteins is regulated by several proteins that are secreted by the cell wall. These proteins have been studied in detail in detail in a number of fungi, including Aspergillus nidulans (3) and Fusarium graminearum (4). The secreted proteins of A. nidulans are involved in the production of various metabolic products, including protein secretion, glycolysis, and cell wall biosynthesis [3]. In addition, proteins secreted by F. graminearum and A. nidulans are involved in the production of glycoconjugates, such as oxo-glycosylphosphatidylinositol (OIGPP), that can be used as ingredients for the production of other glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI) glycoproteins in plant materials [5].

The secreted proteins of the filamentous fungus A. nidulans were first characterized in an array of different stages of culture [6]. In this study, the secretion of secreted proteins of A. nidulans was investigated by means of mass spectrometry (MS)-based proteomic analysis. We determined the secretion of secreted proteins from various media, including plant extracts, and compared their biochemical and immunological characteristics. The results showed that A.


## Methods
After incubation, the cells were harvested, washed with PBS, and adjusted to an OD_600nm = .5. The cell pellets were then resuspended in 100 µl of PBS and boiled for 10 min. The cells were then centrifuged at 4000×g for 5 min and the supernatant was collected and stored at -80 °C.

A serial dilution of phenol red (Sigma-Aldrich) was also performed in order to assess the reduction of phenol red as a phenol scavenger. To this end, 0.5 mg of S-phenol red was added to the cells. The cells were incubated at 37 °C for 1 h, and then the cells were harvested by centrifugation. The cells were then washed with PBS and resuspended in 100 µl of PBS. The cells were then diluted 1:10 and plated in 6-well plates. In the second set of plates, S-phenol red-treated cells were added to the cells and incubated for 6 h. After the cells were harvested, the plate was inverted and the S-phenol red dye was added to the cells. The plates were then incubated at 37 °C for 30 min and the S-phenol red-treated cells were counted.

Phagocytosis Assay
For the phagocytosis assay, the phagocytic index of each yeast strain was determined using a Becton Dickinson FACSort (BD, USA). A single colony of each yeast strain was picked from the agar surface of YPD liquid medium, and then cultured in liquid YPD medium at 28 °C for 24 h. After that, the yeast cells were harvested, washed with PBS, and resuspended in 200 µl of PBS. The cell pellets were then resuspended in 200 µl of PBS, and the phagocytosis index was determined.

Statistical Analysis
All data were analyzed using SPSS software (version 20.0, Chicago, IL). The data were analyzed with one-way analysis of variance (ANOVA) followed by Tukey’s multiple comparison test with a P value of <0.


## Results
neoforman. We identified this gene in the genome of C. neoformans var. grubii (using the MS-2 Genome Analysis tool [29]). We used this gene to generate strain H99 [32] and C. neoformans var. grubii [33] in which this gene was only expressed in the wild type strain. Southern blot analyses confirmed that the gldA gene was expressed in both strains (Fig 4A). Southern blot analyses confirmed that the cpsA gene was expressed in both strains (Fig 4B). Both strains showed high levels of GMS and vancomycin resistance. Both strains showed high levels of rhodamine 10 (Rh10) and vancomycin resistance. The expression levels of the gldA gene were increased in both strains (Fig 4C), consistent with previous studies [33]. The cpsA gene was expressed in both strains (Fig 4D), and the expression level of cpsA in the wild type strain was comparable to that in the wild type strain. The expression levels of the cpsA gene were higher in the wild type strain than in the cpsA mutant strain (Fig 4E). These results suggest that GldA is a bona fide GMS-conjugated enzyme for the synthesis of GMS-derivatives for antifungal drug development in C. neoformans.

Genome-Based Screening of Gene Expression Genes for Antifungal Drug Development in C. neoformans
The genome of C. neoformans contains a large number of GMS-derivatives for drug development, suggesting that these enzymes may play important roles in drug secretion and drug transport. We further constructed a large number of GMS-derivatives in the genome of C. neoformans var. grubii to test whether the gene expression for these enzymes was different between the two strains. We generated strain H99 [32] using the genome of C. neoformans var. grubii. The genome of C. neoformans var. grubii has been used to screen different GMS-derivatives for drug development in yeast [34]. We used this strain to screen a number of gene expression patterns in C. neoformans var. grubii.


## Discussion
The detection of fungal toxins has been attributed to their ability to evade the immune defenses of the host, such as phytopathogens [49. In this study, we present the identification of antifungal drug targets for the Fungi community and the pathogenic fungi involved in the fungal community in the rice-bean pathogen Fusarium graminearum. Previously, we had observed that phytopathogenic fungi were involved in the phytopathogenicity of rice plants by producing toxins and metabolizing them for their pathogenicity [50]. In this study, we investigated the phytopathogenic fungi of the Fungi community using the rice-bean pathogen Fusarium graminearum. The results showed that the phytopathogenic fungi were involved in the pathogenicity of the rice plant by producing antifungal drug targets, which were produced by the rice-bean pathogen Fusarium graminearum. These results indicated that the phytopathogenic fungi were involved in the phytopathogenic fungal community by producing antifungal drug targets. These results also indicated that the phytopathogenic fungi were involved in the pathogenicity of the rice plant by producing antifungal drug targets, which were produced by the rice-bean pathogen Fusarium graminearum. These results also indicated that the phytopathogenic fungi were involved in the pathogenicity of the rice plant by producing antifungal drug targets, which were produced by the rice-bean pathogen Fusarium graminearum. These results also indicated that the phytopathogenic fungi were involved in the pathogenicity of the rice plant by producing antifungal drug targets, which were produced by the rice-bean pathogen Fusarium graminearum. These results also indicated that the phytopathogenic fungi were involved in the pathogenicity of the rice plant by producing antifungal drug targets, which were produced by the rice-bean pathogen Fusarium graminearum.
