# Variation of the meiotic recombination landscape and transport network of the basidiomycete fungus Trichoderma reesei
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
We present a case of pulmonary cryptococcosis in a patient with multiple sclerosis with metastatic opacities, lymphoma, and chronic lymphocytic leukemia. A 65-year-old Caucasian woman with refractory myelvitary non-Hodgkin's WJ disease presented with cough, difficulty swallowing and small bowel in recent years. She was diagnosed with a mycosesite-like lung mass, polymicrobial pneumonia and polymyositisis. Bronchopulmonary cryptococcosis was diagnosed by imaging and immunohistochemical staining, and the lung mass was removed. She had a favorable course and was discharged with good prognosis. We discuss the importance of imaging in this case and discuss its significance in our patient with an initial presentation that was unremarkable.


## Introduction
the white rot fungus Aspergillus fumigatus) is a critical virulence factor of this species (Gidda et a., 2007). In addition to sexual reproduction, Trichoderma species produce secondary metabolites that play important roles in their life cycle (Gidda et al., 2007). These metabolites have been recognized as important virulence factors in the host-pathogen interactions that are expected to be important in the pathogenicity of this fungus (Gidda et al., 2007). In addition, the Trichoderma species produce bioactive compounds that are known to be effective against respiratory and invasive fungal infections (Chakraborty and Saha, 2013).

Trichoderma strains have been widely used in industrial biotechnology as biopesticides, fungicides, and biotransformants (Chakraborty and Saha, 2013). These strains have been used for the production of plant drugs such as terbinafine, to combat infections caused by various fungal pathogens such as Aspergillus spp. and Penicillium spp. (Mozi et al., 2014), Fusarium spp. (Liu et al., 2016), Colletotrichum spp. (Nair et al., 2010), and Alternaria spp. (Gidda et al., 2007). In addition, Trichoderma strains have also been used in the production of organic pesticides, such as benzimidazoles and thiophenes, as well as herbicides (Gidda et al., 2007). For example, benzimidazoles were used to control aflatoxin contamination in apple fruit (Liu et al., 2016), and thiophenes were used to control plant pathogenic fungi in the USA (Liu et al., 2016). Another advantage of Trichoderma strains is their ability to produce antibiotic-resistant bioactive compounds. In addition, the production of antibiotics is a key strategy used by Trichoderma strains to control or reduce the severity of infections (Chakraborty and Saha, 2013).

Trichoderma strains are capable of producing siderophores that are used as antibiotics, termed “azoles” (Hosano et al., 2010). Azoles are a class of hydroxylated aromatic molecules that can be synthesized by the enzyme hydroxylase.


## Methods
The soil sample was collected at 0, 5, 12 and 16 h after the end of the maize (. reesei) maize meiotic cycle (T. reesei) experiment. The soil samples were immediately frozen and thawed in 1.5 L of 1.5 L of 2.5 L of 0.2 M of NaCl. The thawed samples were placed in a desiccator, and then placed into the desiccator until the samples reached 1.5 L.

DNA extraction, amplification and sequencing
Total genomic DNA was extracted using the MasterPure™ Yeast DNA Purification Kit (Epicentre, Madison, WI, USA) according to the manufacturer’s instructions. The DNA concentrations were determined using a NanoDrop 2000 spectrophotometer (Thermo Scientific, Waltham, MA, USA) at a wavelength of 530 nm. The samples were subjected to molecular size and molecular weight determination by Sanger sequencing. The samples were stored at -20°C until use.

The primers ITS1F (Gardes and Bruns, 1993) and ITS4 (White et al., 1990) were used to amplify the internal transcribed spacer regions of the rDNA region and the ß-tubulin gene (TUB2) region of the translation elongation factor 1-a gene (tef1 gene) to estimate the presence of the fungal gene Trichoderma. PCR reactions were performed with 1X PCR buffer and 1.5 mM of each dNTP, 1.5 mM of each primer, 0.2 µM of each primer and 2 mM of bovine serum albumin. PCR reactions were performed using an ABI Prism 7300 DNA Analyzer (Applied Biosystems, Foster City, CA, USA). The PCR products were visualized on a 1% agarose gel to detect the presence of the fungal DNA in the products.

The internal transcribed spacer region was amplified with the primers ITS1F (5'-CTTGGTCATTTAGAGGAAGTAA-3') and ITS4 (5'-TTCTGCGTTCTTCATCG-3') [17], [18]. The PCR products were purified by aseptic lysis.


## Results
The genome assembly and the network analysis of the genomes were completed by using the STPmer progra. The topologies of the predicted proteins from the high quality sequence dataset (gene ontology) and the topologies of the unannotated protein sequences (model organismal gene ontology) were fully resolved by the program STPmer [20]. The resulting phylogenetic tree (Fig 1) clearly indicates that Trichoderma spp. is closely related to Trichoderma spp. and to Trichoderma reesei. However, we cannot rule out the possibility that the two species may have diverged from Trichoderma spp. in the intercontinental transmission route. To further investigate this possibility, we conducted comparative genomics with Trichoderma spp. and the two closely related species (T. reesei and T. reishima) in the same large-scale intercontinental transmission (IS) study. For these analyses, we used the BLAST algorithm against the S. cerevisiae genome database [21] (http://blast.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/) to identify all fungal strains with potential for TE-mediated gene transfer. The results obtained from the analyses of the concatenated genome sequence and the unannotated protein sequences of the different species are very similar, although differences are sometimes apparent between species.

The ITS region of the T. reesei genome sequence was sequenced with a version of the ExPASy program that is very similar to the one used for the Trichoderma reesei and Trichoderma reishima genomes (Figure 1). This program was designed to identify gene-expression data from both genomes. The sequences obtained from the ITS region of the T. reesei genome sequence are in good agreement with the predicted sequences of the other fungal species used for the study of TE-mediated gene transfer.

The ITS region of the Trichoderma reesei and T. reishima genomes contains two genes, named rDNA2 and rDNA3, which are only present in the T. reesei genome. The rDNA2 gene is present in all three species, while the rDNA3 gene is present in the T. reesei strain CBS277.78.


## Discussion
Nevertheless, the meiotic recombination in the heterothallic Trichoderma reesei was interrupted by two cryptic meiotic events, including the one-step meiotic recombination in meiosis 1 and meiosis 2, which resulted in an elevated frequency of meiotic recombination in the heterothallic Trichoderma reese.

In addition, we found that meiotic recombination in the heterothallic Trichoderma reesei, where meiotic recombination had been lost, resulted in the formation of two idiomorphs (M13 and M17). Both idiomorphs shared common features in their mating-type loci, including the presence of two introns in their respective genes, as well as the presence of an exonuclease, which is likely to have been lost in homothallic Trichoderma reesei. Furthermore, the two introns were located at distinct positions in the genome, suggesting that both idiomorphs evolved separately in the heterothallic Trichoderma reesei. As already demonstrated for other heterothallic fungi [25, 37], the occurrence of two introns in genes in homothallic Trichoderma species was not limited to the three idiomorphs. This suggests that the intron-exon pairs evolved independently in other species.

Analyses of the meiotic recombination landscape in Trichoderma mei in this study revealed that meiotic recombination in heterothallic Trichoderma species occurred at a lower frequency than the frequency observed in homothallic Trichoderma species. This result was consistent with the data obtained by two independent mating studies in the same site. For example, in the same site, a meiotic recombination event occurred between two idiomorphs in heterothallic Trichoderma species, but failed to result in the production of a mating type in homothallic Trichoderma species [26].

In this study, we found that meiotic recombination in heterothallic Trichoderma species occurred at a higher frequency than that observed in homothallic Trichoderma species. This result was in agreement with the data obtained by two independent mating studies in the same site. For example, in the same site, a meiotic recombination event occurred between two idiomorphs in heterothallic Trichoderma species, but failed to result in the production of a mating type in homothallic Trichoderma species [26].
