# Ventral fungi: A mini review
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) has dramatically changed the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) virological status in HIV-infected patients. However, the spectrum of HIV infection remains vast and remains so in other patients, such as transplant recipients, as well as other health professionals. In this review, we will discuss the spectrum of HIV infection in HIV-infected adults and discuss the causes and consequences of HIV-associated neurocognitive impairment in the context of the general population and transplant patients. Future clinical research should consider this emerging subpopulation as the more well-differentiated population rather than the under-explored subpopulations reported to date.


## Introduction
acteriaforu.org).

A healthy oral microbiome can be defined as those microbes that are able to maintain a high level of metabolic activity in the absence of external stimuli, and are capable of producing extracellular lipids and extracellular matrix polysaccharides. The composition of the oral microbiome in response to external stimuli such as food and drink, exercise, stress, and stress-related factors is influenced by a number of factors, including the duration of the oral cavity, the degree of oral hygiene, and the intensity of oral/systemic oral hygiene. The oral microbiome is believed to be a major contributor to the health of the human being, and can impact multiple biological processes including the control of inflammation, immunity, and the immune response. Oral microbiomes are characterized by the presence of different microbial species, and they can be found in diverse anatomical sites, including the oral cavity, the oral mucosa, the oral mucosa, and the oral mucosa. In addition, the oral microbiome can be found in the oral mucosa, in the oral cavity, in the oral mucosa, in the oral cavity and other anatomical sites (for a review see Clarke, 2011; Koller and Casadevall, 2012), and in the oral mucosa.

Several studies have reported that the microbiomes of the oral cavity are remarkably diverse and contain different microbial species (Davoli et al., 2007; Mendoza et al., 2008; Ruiz-Triguer et al., 2008; Proctor-Pereira et al., 2010). However, there are a large number of differences among the microbial species found in different sites of the human body, and this has to be attributed to the different metabolic processes in the site of inflammation, immunopathology, and/or cancer (Lass-Flörl, 2011). While the studies on the oral microbiome are well documented, the specific mechanism of the microbial communities in the oral cavity has not been thoroughly studied.

Among the various oral microflora studies, the recent studies focused on the functional characteristics of the composition of the oral cavity have not been fully carried out (Havlitsch et al., 2017). In fact, it has been reported that the composition of the oral cavity varies according to the age and health status of the individual (Havlitsch et al., 2017).


## Methods
graminearum CIC-1, . graminearum CIC-2, and F. graminearum CIC-3 (Table 1). Additionally, three S. pneumoniae isolates were also included in this study, and they were also provided by the Department of Microbiology and Parasitology of the University Hospital of Marburg. These isolates are referred to in Table 1 as S. pneumoniae; S. pombe and S. mongon. The presence of thymocytes in the thymocytes was also confirmed by plating the cells on Sabouraud dextrose agar (SDA) and the cells were maintained at 37°C.

Antifungal susceptibility testing
Antifungal susceptibility testing was conducted according to the CLSI M27-A3 method, and the results were considered to be 100% when the MIC was =8 µg/mL for the tested compound or =8 µg/mL for the control compound. The standard operating procedure was the same for all tests except for thymocytes, and the test was repeated at least three times.

Plant growth inhibition
The susceptibility to F. graminearum and S. pombe was evaluated by inoculating 5-mL of a 7-day-old culture of F. graminearum on the solid YPD medium (20 g/L yeast extract, 20 g/L peptone, and 20 g/L glucose) at a concentration of 1 × 10^7 colony forming units (CFUs/mL). The experiments were conducted at least three times. The growth of the F. graminearum and S. pombe isolates was observed after 24 h at 30°C, and the MIC values were interpreted as the lowest concentration of FgM, defined as the lowest concentration of the FgM isolate that completely inhibited the growth of the tested compound. The results were considered to be 100% when the MIC was =8 µg/mL for F. graminearum or S. pombe, and =8 µg/mL for F. graminearum and S. pombe, respectively.

Growth rate in liquid media
The S. pombe and S.


## Results
The description of the genus Candida is in agreement with the opinion of [63. The description of Candida spp. as a member of the major families of fungi is based on the identification of C. albicans, C. glabrata, C. parapsilosis, C. krusei, C. tropicalis, and C. krusei (Table 1). All fungi were described as being “Candida spp.” (Table 2). The type of Candida species was identified as C. albicans, C. glabrata, C. parapsilosis, C. tropicalis, and C. krusei (Table 2). The origin of the species is not clear and has been debated. Candida albicans is most closely related to C. glabrata, C. parapsilosis, C. tropicalis, and C. krusei. C. parapsilosis was first described in the USA and has been found to cause the death of a patient with opportunistic infection in India [64]. C. glabrata is also a well-known opportunistic pathogen of humans and is commonly encountered in pneumonia, acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARS), and AIDS [65-67]. The pathogenicity of C. glabrata is characterized by its red and powdery greenish to powdery greyish brownish brownish brown colour of ascospores, which are usually single or in pairs, and the occurrence of a conidia with a red, orange, or brownish colour and greenish colour of the ascospore and yeast cells. The pathogenicity of C. parapsilosis is similar to C. albicans, but has been found to cause the death of a patient with opportunistic infection in India [65]. The pathogenicity of C. krusei is also similar to C. albicans, but has been found to cause the death of a patient with opportunistic infection in Thailand [66]. The type of Candida species is C. albicans, C. glabrata, C. parapsilosis, C. tropicalis, and C. krusei. The pathogenicity of C.


## Discussion
In this study, we demonstrate that C. albicans can be isolated from serum and urine samples collected from patients with cryptococcosis. Cryptococcal isolates have been reported in different clinical populations, including blood cultures, CSF cultures, and serum samples. However, C. albicans is one of the most common human pathogenic yeasts, causing infections ranging from asymptomatic Cryptococcus neoformans infection to life-threatening invasive cryptococcosis [1,2,11]. C. albicans has been isolated from blood cultures and CSF cultures in patients with advanced HIV infection [12,13]. C. albicans has also been found in the urine of patients with cryptococcosis, and in patients with cryptococcal meningitis [14,15].

C. albicans has been reported as a common cause of invasive candidiasis in patients with AIDS [16]. However, C. albicans is not a pathogen of human skin and mucous membranes. Therefore, it is not possible to perform an epidemiological study on the isolation of C. albicans from human skin and mucous membranes. However, it is possible that C. albicans was present in the human body and that it may be isolated from the urine of patients with cryptococcosis. The absence of C. albicans from serum samples and urine samples collected from patients with cryptococcosis may be explained by the fact that C. albicans is a rare yeast that is rarely isolated from human skin and mucous membranes [17,18]. In addition, it is possible that C. albicans was present in the urine of patients with cryptococcosis and that it might be isolated from the human body and that the isolation of C.
