# Wars between microbes upon an early gentler agrarian era
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
The number of neglected tropical diseases (Pemba Island, Indian Ocean) has been rising since the development of tropical disease management and response strategies. The objective of this study was to review and analyze tropical disease occurrence in thirteen islands along the Indian Ocean chain to assess the magnitude and extent of neglected tropical diseases, their causes and responses to various management strategies. Data was collected from reporting of data and review of papers. The study also examined data on disease severity, severity and responses to various management strategies and showed that tropical diseases are frequently reported in the literature but neglected tropical diseases are also under reported. Resistance to management strategies was demonstrated by one report in four tropical diseases. Response times to various management strategies in tropical diseases were shorter than those reported for other neglected tropical diseases. The severity of various neglected tropical diseases was high in tropical diseases caused by bakarjuna, kambimi, killer baka and dollarana. Treatment conditions were poor. Resistance to management strategies was high in diseases caused by bacharvas and bakarvasila while mamau and kambimi were the most frequently observed species. The study showed that tropical diseases are subjected to long term management strategies, and neglected tropical diseases caused by bacharva, kambimi, killer baka and dollarana are under management. This study highlights the need to reassess neglected tropical diseases and other neglected tropical diseases, particularly neglected tropical diseases caused by bacharva, kambimi, killer baka and dollarana, as well as to improve the responses of human health professionals to these neglected tropical diseases.


## Introduction
The process was named colony germination (Consequential Fungus), and was believed to be triggered by the inoculation of a single colony of spores and germ tubes with the soi. In the same year, American agribusologist E. H. Cross established that inoculation of microbes with soil had the potential to produce dramatic changes in yield (Cross, 1809). During this period, it was reported that the inoculated soil could be a source of germination in seedlings and can cause seedling loss if not treated with enough fungicides. In the same year, the Dutchman Johan Cruyver established that the inoculated soil could cause massive yield losses (Chauvin, 1809).

In the early 1900s, the increasing use of chemical pesticides led to several major changes in the soil microbial community. These included the intense use of chemical fungicides which caused severe soil-borne diseases, including the Dutchman Johan Cruyver’s disease, which was the first disease of the soil fungal kingdom to be discovered (Chauvin, 1809). Following this discovery, several other studies on soil-borne diseases of plants (Bélint et al., 1900; Chaudhary, 1904; Hochsprung, 1809) were conducted. Hochsprung (1809) found that a soil-borne disease of the cactus Caesalpinia spp. was capable of producing four major plant diseases, namely, green mold (caused by P. wickerhamii), anthracnose (caused by P. eucalypti), and pale yellow blight (caused by P. mikatae), which were characterized by accumulation of dead leaves and decaying wood. Cruyver (1809) described that P. wickerhamii was found to be the most important pathogen of the anthracnose and pale yellow blight symptoms of the disease caused by P. mikatae, and reported that P. wickerhamii could produce the symptoms in fields with little or no cacti. In contrast to P. mikatae, the symptoms caused by P.


## Methods
2006), the gentler approach was applied for marine microbes, which were recently described (Supplementary Table S1) (Chang et a. 2017).

Measuring the extent of co-inoculation of microbes
The co-inoculation analysis was based on the co-inoculation index (CID) (Stamatakis et al. 2009) as the ratio of the proportion of microbial co-inoculation with a non-host cell. It was calculated as follows:where c (1-c)/(1-c) = the co-inoculation intensity at time point c (c), c (x - x) and c (y - y). The co-inoculation intensity at time point y was used to normalize the distance between the initial co-inoculation and the subsequent time points (t0 and t20). The co-inoculation index was calculated as follows:where c (0-c)/(0-c) = the co-inoculation intensity at time point t (c), c (x - x) and c (y - y) (see Supplementary Table S1).

Metabolite-specific activity
The activity of the strains was estimated using a modified version of the standard method described by Cingolani et al. (2006) (Cingolani et al. 2011). Briefly, the cells were grown in a liquid media with or without L-DOPA, and then the media was replaced by a fresh medium containing either L-DOPA (50 µM) or L-DOPA (0.01 mM). After 24 h, the medium was removed and the cells were harvested by centrifugation, and then resuspended in the same volume of the appropriate medium, which was washed with PBS. The samples were then adjusted to a concentration of 10^7 CFU/mL. The activity of L-DOPA on microbial cells was determined using a protocol described by Cingolani et al. (2006) (Cingolani et al. 2010). Briefly, the samples were harvested by centrifugation, washed with PBS and resuspended in the same volume of the appropriate medium. The lysis was carried out in a Bead Beater (Bio-Rad Laboratories, Hercules, CA, USA) at 1,000 rpm for 5 min.


## Results
The necessity of the higher and lower concentrations of Bt in the agrarian environment (33, 44, 45, 46) coupled with the relatively low number of . braziliensis bacteria in the CFU culture was unexpected. However, the enhanced bactericidal activity of Bt at low concentrations (28-34 µg/ml) indicates that the bactericidal activity of Bt is not a result of higher and lower concentrations of Bt.

Bt significantly inhibited the growth of C. neoformans in the presence of L. braziliensis (p < 0.05) (Figure 4A) and C. albicans (p < 0.05) (Figure 4B) (Figure 4C). The bacterial growth inhibition was similar in the presence and absence of L. braziliensis. However, the growth of C. neoformans was significantly inhibited by Bt at concentrations higher than the MIC. The MIC of Bt (16 µg/ml) was the same as that of the MIC of L. braziliensis (16 µg/ml). Although the MIC of Bt (16 µg/ml) was significantly higher than that of L. braziliensis (16 µg/ml) in the presence of L. braziliensis, the MIC of L. braziliensis was relatively low (p < 0.05). The MIC of L. braziliensis was relatively low (p < 0.05) (Figure 4D). The MIC of L. braziliensis was approximately the same (p < 0.05) (Figure 4E).

Lactate dehydrogenase inhibitor treatment in an L. braziliensis-infected mouse model
To assess the influence of L. braziliensis on the growth of C. neoformans in the mouse model, the L. braziliensis infection of L. braziliensis-infected mice was carried out. L. braziliensis was the most effective inhibitor for the growth of C. neoformans in the mouse model. The optimal growth of C. neoformans in the mouse model was determined by quantifying the CFU after the L. braziliensis infection of the lungs and spleen. The survival rate was significantly reduced in mice treated with L. braziliensis compared to the control (Figure 5).


## Discussion
1998; Smith and Noorishi 2001. However, the overall higher frequency of microbial colonization of the landscape of the Indian Patagonian landmass than the bulk soil is consistent with the results of Dharamsala et al. (2014). Similarly, in the present study, it was observed that the microbial communities of the Indian Patagonian landmass were dominated by Mycosphaerellaceae and Sphingobiumaceae (Figure 3), which is consistent with the findings of Smith et al. (2014) and Ikeda et al. (2018). Another representative of these bacterial genera was reported in the current study, and it was identified as Rhodotorula (Figure 3). This genus has been observed in plant roots and flowers of many plants (Krysan 2000; Kalavathy et al. 2015). Rhodotorula species are believed to have emerged from the soil as soil-borne pathogens (Bian et al. 2005). The genus Rhodotorula was previously reported from the soil of plants, as a soil-borne bacterium (Zhao et al. 2016). In the present study, the genus Rhodotorula was also observed in the soil of plants, as a soil-borne bacterium (Zhao et al. 2016). This genus has been found in soil of plants (Ghanem et al. 2011), and it has been reported as a soil-borne bacterium (Zhao et al. 2016). The genus Rhodotorula was previously reported as a soil-borne bacterium (Zhao et al. 2016). In the present study, the genus Rhodotorula was also observed in the soil of plants, as a soil-borne bacterium (Zhao et al. 2016). In addition, a Rhodotorula strain was also detected in the soil of plants, as a soil-borne bacterium (Zhao et al. 2016). The genus Rhodotorula was previously reported as a soil-borne bacterium (Zhao et al. 2016). The genus Rhodotorula was previously reported as a soil-borne bacterium (Zhao et al. 2016). The genus Rhodotorula was previously reported as a soil-borne bacterium (Zhao et al. 2016). The genus Rhodotorula was originally reported as a soil-borne bacterium (Zhao et al. 2016). The genus Rhodotorula is a genus of four Rhodotorula species, and these four species share the same microbiota (Zhao et al. 2016).
