# Where Do Parasites Come From?
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
Fungal infections caused by Candida spp. are on the rise, especially in developing countries. The rapidity of antifungal resistance increases the difficulty of developing effective and safe new therapeutic strategies. To identify new antifungal targets we developed a conditional mutant of the Fusarium graminearum strain for antifungal activity. The FgCYB1 strain is a poor substitute for the wild-type type in our study and we could not identify a gene or two whose function was not mediated by the fungus. In addition, our data suggest that FgCYB1 has a conserved function in the fungus and the deletion of this gene may have deleterious effects on virulence.

Candida albicans is a ubiquitous human fungal pathogen that causes opportunistic infections in immune-competent individuals. The growth and dissemination is rapid and often fatal. Survival is dependent on the cellular immune system and infection is often prolonged leading to both disseminated disease and death. Candida is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in immunocompromised hosts. The development of novel antifungal drugs is critical to reduce the burden of these infections. In this study, we show that the FgCYB1 gene is indeed required for growth and virulence in C. albicans. Deletion of the FgCYB1 gene resulted in a two-fold increase in antifungal activity against C. albicans compared with wild-type isolates. The MDR strain showed no differences in the activity against the fungal cell wall compared with the wild type. Our data, along with information from previous studies, suggest that the FgCYB1 gene plays a significant role in fungal adaptation to host-imposed stresses, possibly by regulating the gene expression and/or generation of resistance. Our results, along with previous studies on C. albicans, should aid future studies on antifungal drug discovery.


## Introduction
Morphological similarity and morphological similarity are fundamental processes of all eukaryotic cell division. The process of division is a complex process in which many genes and transcription factors bind and regulate to form a complex regulatory network that generates various signaling responses. In eukaryotes, cell division involves the generation of a wide range of specialized cell types that produce cells in a wide variety of chemical, physical, and biological ways. These specialized cells carry out various developmental and morphological functions in the cell. In addition, cells use chemicals to damage and consume cell materials and the cell morphologies to repair and promote cell survival. In fungi, a large variety of chemicals play important roles in cell division. Among the many chemicals that play important roles in cell division, the most common are ethylene (CH3), ethylene sulfate (Esp), and ethylene glycoside (Egg) [1,2]. The most widely reported chemicals are ethylene dimycol (EPD), ethylene succinate (Esp), and ethylene sulfate (Egg).

Esp is a common chemical present in plants. It is a natural chemical that has been produced by E. coli and is a part of the Erg3/Esp complex. Esp is a divalent cation that is produced by the activity of the ethylene dimycolase, which is important in the production of EPD [3]. Esp is an essential component of the Erg3/Esp complex. In addition to its role in cell division, Esp is involved in several other cellular processes, including polarized growth, cell differentiation, and mitosis. The role of Esp in regulating the expression of genes encoding proteins involved in various biological processes has been extensively studied in fungi. In plants, Esp is involved in nitrogen cycling, carbon source utilization, and plant growth [4,5].


## Methods
Study design and participants
We conducted a retrospective, case-control study in a cohort of HIV-negative adults with HIV who were screened for malignancies. Cryptococcal meningitis was diagnosed in the cohort according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Cryptococcal meningitis panel (MRE) guidelines [1]. MRE is a comprehensive diagnostic scoring system that assesses the presence and frequency of cryptococcosis in a population [3]. The panel also includes a variety of additional clinical and laboratory characteristics, such as frequency, diagnostic results, and prognosis. Each clinical sample was randomly selected from a sample of approximately 200 HIV-negative adults with HIV. Cryptococcal meningitis was diagnosed in all samples by latex agglutination using a standard CSF smear test, including a panel of six types of meningitis, four types of fluconazole- and one of amphotericin B-semia (AMB) candida, in serum. The panel consists of six major types: (1) unknown, (2) confirmed, (3) unknown, (4) known, (5) known, and (6) known.


## Results
mirabilis strains grown in the field were steril. A one-way ANOVA analysis was conducted for the TAS scores of the 16S rRNA gene (Table S4). The P. mirabilis strains were found to be sterile at the TAS scores of 10, 9, and 4, whereas in the field, the P. mirabilis strains were found to be sterile at the TAS scores of 12, 8, and 4 (Table S4). This finding suggests that P. mirabilis parasites originated from the soil, which was not an isolated event.

In order to investigate whether parasites were isolated from the environment, we performed a soil experiment, in which all P. mirabilis strains were grown in the field. As shown in Fig 4, a one-way ANOVA analysis was conducted for the TAS scores of the 16S rRNA gene (Table S5). The P. mirabilis strains were found to be sterile at the TAS scores of 10, 9, and 4, whereas in the field, the P. mirabilis strains were found to be sterile at the TAS scores of 12, 8, and 4 (Table S5). This finding suggests that the parasites were isolated from the environment.

The Expression of P. mirabilis Gene in the Basidiomycota
The P. mirabilis genes were identified in the 16S rRNA gene using a microarray approach. The microarray analysis revealed that P. mirabilis strains were found to be more resistant to phytopathogenic fungi than their non-sporulating counterparts (Fig 5A). We also tested the expression of the P. mirabilis gene in the Basidiomycota. The microarray analysis revealed that P. mirabilis strains were found to be more resistant to phytopathogenic fungi than their non-sporulating counterparts (Fig 5B).

P. mirabilis Is More Transcriptionalally Active than Their Non-Sporulating Alternatives
In order to evaluate the importance of P. mirabilis genes in the regulation of P. mirabilis pathogenicity, we also performed quantitative RT-PCR (qRT-PCR) analysis. To assess the transcriptional response to P. mirabilis, we tested P.


## Discussion
The majority of parasites that have been sequenced so far have been associated with specific host systems such as insects and vertebrates, and these parasites are present in many insect and vertebrate species [61. In the current study, we identified 77 parasite genes in the genome of the R. graminis hemolymph, which is in agreement with the current finding that hemolymph parasites are not free from parasitic elements in their genome. To further investigate the roles of parasite genes in the hemolymph, we selected our own parasite strains for the present study. To our knowledge, this is the first study of parasite gene expression in R. graminis hemolymph and to our knowledge, the first to identify parasite genes in this hemolymph parasite, in a marine fungus.

Phylogenetic analysis of the available genome sequence and the RNA-seq data showed that at least three genes have been specifically induced by the hemolymph parasite. These genes are the first and two proteins involved in post-transcriptional regulation of RNA processing, as well as a third protein (pterodialdehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase) that is involved in the production of the melanin pigment melanin. In addition to the R. graminis hemolymph gene, we also found genes involved in the cellular respiration and protein trafficking. These genes have been previously characterized in other species of R. graminis, such as this study. For example, the R. graminis apical-rectus gene (S3 Fig) shows a high similarity to the Arabidopsis thaliana HAP1, which has been shown to be a hemolymph parasite [62]. A potential candidate for this gene is the melanin pigment melanin-like pigment, which has been shown to be expressed by hemolymph hemocytes of the larvae [63]. The proteins encoded by these genes have been previously characterized in this species. For example, the inositol methyltransferase (MtS1) is involved in asexual reproduction of the asexual rice blast fungus Aspergillus fumigatus [64]. The melanin pigment melanin-like pigment was also found to be induced by a single gene, encoding a putative protease (S3 Fig). This protein is involved in the synthesis of melanin and the ability of hemocytes to metabolize it [65].
