# Yeast population structure and distribution of carbohydrate-producing cells wood bacteria: insights into the mechanism of wood colonization
Quaglee Dragontacos


## Abstract
A new species of Phylloporus, Phylloporus ericulosum is described from Jerusalem artanita based on morphology and ecology. The new species is characterised by its hygrophanous basidiomata, broadly ellipsoid basidiospores and pileus rich in squamous cells with tiny basidia. Phylogenetic analyses based on 28S rDNA sequence data suggest the genus Phylloporus is divided into four distinct clades. The first three are synonymised to Phylloporus and Phylloporus africana with the remaining Neophorales clade cl. nov., to Silene and to Melanomyces. The fourth clade, M.puppibiontiana, contains both species in association with different host plants. All species are morphologically similar to their respective genera but some are clearly differentiated. Phylloporus africana, for example, is more basal compared to Phylloporus aborigus. The genus Melanomyces, which was first described in the late 1940s, is shown to have lost all sexual features and is recognised only by the mating type locus on chromosomes 6-8 in phylloporus africana. In spite of its similarity to Phylloporus in terms of morphology and ecology, however, the two species are congeneric and the generic name Melanomyces being accepted as synonym of Phylloporus in favour of M.puppibiontiana is resurrected for the first time in the Kingdom of Melanomycetes. Silene is introduced here as a synonym of Melanomyces for Silene genus. Epitypes for Phylloporus africana are newly described based on morphology and ecology and the correct identification of three key characters in the phylogeny: ITS, EF-1a, and RPB1. Phylogenetic analyses based on ITS, EF-1a and RPB1 support the introduction of a new genus and a new combination in Phylloporus africana, which is recognised as Melanomyces. Melanomyces africana and Silene are described as distinct species and sympatric as two of the main aerial host species of M.cubicola in South Africa. M.navesii and M.barbatimae are sympatric synonyms of M.


## Introduction
Microorganisms are the first cells in the body that undergoes a morphological transition from a nutrient-starved environment to one of nutrient-rich, nutrient-rich, and nutrient-rich culture.


## Methods
 2017. Based on these results, the observation of wood microbial biofilm formation by wood species in the different wood species with the studied wood species, was inferred to be the most likely biofilm formation of wood species in the WoodBacillus spp. samples. The wood species to be studied were, “Canum, Hälanger, and Muscat”, “Melanum, Muscat, and Ermelia”, and “Woodbacillus and Bacterial”.

3.1. Biochemical Characterization of the Wood Species
The biofilm formation of the wood species from the selected wood species was determined by measuring the pH of the wood based on the determination of the pH values of the different wood species with the selected wood species. The pH values of the selected wood species were: S. luteus, S. pulcherrima, S. kudriavzei, and S. robertsii were measured using the pH calibration technique (Moglitsch, 1978). For each wood species, the biofilm was separated from the wood using a cotton swab. The biofilm was washed with distilled water, stained with iodine solution (6.25 g Na_2HPO_4, 5.0 g KCl, 0.1 g K_2HPO_4, 0.01 g Na_2MoO_4, 0.01 g Na_2MoO_4, 0.01 g FeSO_4, 0.01 g KI, 0.1 g H_3BO_3, and 0.001 g CaCO_3) and then rinsed with distilled water. After rinsing with distilled water, the dry wood biofilm was extracted by the addition of 50 µl of 1% (w/v) potassium carbonate, and the absorbance was measured at 280 nm (Moglitsch, 1978).

3.2. Identification of the Wood Species
The identification of the wood species was performed by standard methods including staining with silver staining, direct visualization with the light microscope, and microscopy with an Olympus BX51 microscope (Olympus, Tokyo, Japan).

3.3.


## Results
neoformans, . albicans, and C. gattii [30]. Therefore, we hypothesized that C. neoformans, C. albicans, and C. gattii may act as a competitive force to control wood microbial biomass. The ability of C. neoformans to form biomass through the metabolism of the cellulose-rich mycelia was investigated through fungal biomass inductions and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS). Interestingly, the time course of the first 100 min of C. neoformans-C. albicans co-cultivation was identical and similar to that of the control cultures, but the carbon source composition differed. In contrast, the carbon source composition of C. neoformans-C. albicans co-cultivation was indistinguishable from that of the control cultures, although the biomass of C. neoformans co-cultivation was slightly increased compared to that of the control cultures (Figure 3). The carbon source composition of the C. neoformans-C. albicans co-cultivation showed that it was very similar to that of the control cultures. These results suggest that the competitive force of C. neoformans is responsible for the variation in biomass composition between C. neoformans and C. albicans.

The C. neoformans-C. albicans and C. gattii co-cultivation experiments demonstrate an ability of C. neoformans and C. albicans to colonize the wood environment and a competitive force to control the microbial biomass.

The C. neoformans and C. albicans co-cultivation experiments indicate that C. neoformans and C. albicans may play a similar role in controlling the microbial biomass in the wood environment, but the function of these fungi remains unclear.

The C. neoformans and C. albicans co-cultivation experiments showed that C. neoformans and C. albicans may play a similar role in controlling the microbial biomass in the wood environment, but the function of these fungi remains unclear.

The C. neoformans and C. albicans co-cultivation experiments demonstrated that C. neoformans and C. albicans may play a similar role in controlling the microbial biomass in the wood environment, but the function of these fungi remains unclear.

The C. neoformans and C.


## Discussion
(2012) showed that, although bacteria were the most abundant OTUs, the diversity of bacteria in the wood colonizer community was dominated by Firmicutes, which are widely distributed in the wood microbiome and are abundant in woody tissues and aqueous environments (Böhm et a., 2012). In this study, we used a new taxonomic approach to identify the members of the wood-associated bacteria community using a random-repeat approach (RTR) and a phylogenic analysis was performed. We identified 24 phylotypes representing all the 16 phylotypes in the current study. A total of 103 OTUs were detected in this study, which corresponded to a total of 6 phylotypes, which represent 1 OTU, of which 7 were also present in the present study. The phylotypes of the wood-associated bacteria were different between the three replicates, with the highest phylotype occurring in the RTR group (Pleosporaceae, Firmicutes and Ascomycota), which was higher than the phylotype of the same replicate (Cultiviraceae), which is the most abundant OTU in the wood colonizer community (Manguradio et al., 2012). The phylotype of the wood-associated bacteria in the present study (Firmicutes and Ascomycota) was higher than the phylotype of the same replicates (Cultiviraceae) in the RTR group (Pleosporaceae, Firmicutes and Ascomycota), and the second highest phylotype was represented by a P. jirovecii OTU (Bacteriales) from Fusarium and Bifidobacterium genera. This phylotype represented a significant increase compared to the phylotype of the previous study (Böhm et al., 2012) which was represented by a Pseudomonas species in the RTR group (Pleosporaceae). In addition, the phylotype of P. jirovecii (Pleosporaceae) was higher than the phylotype of P. jirovecii (Bacteriales) from A. terreus and Fusarium sp. in the RTR group (Pleosporaceae, Bacillaceae, Bacillales and Ascomycota).
